source	target
"<BOOK id=""114"">"	"<BOOK id=""114"">"
"<CHAPTER id=""55"">"	"<CHAPTER id=""55"">"
第五十五章 编号27149	Chapter 55 No. 27149
“上了这什么通缉任务榜，我的身份不是已经暴露了？”顾飞说。	"""Isn't my identity already exposed on this list of wanted missions,"" said Gufeng."
“不要被人捉到就可以了。”佑哥说。	"""Don't get caught,"" said Yugo."
“名字不会被公布吗？”顾飞问。	"""Isn't the name going to be announced,"" Guo said."
“不会。”佑哥摇了摇头，“在通缉榜上列出来的人都会有一个编号，你现在的名字就是个通缉犯xxxx号。”	"""No,"" Yugo shook his head. ""Everyone on the list has a number, and your name is now an ex-prosecutor xxxx."
“这样啊……”	That's the way it is.
“领取了通缉任务的玩家，每五分钟任务列表里会更新一次你的坐标，所以，你只要计算好时间，每五分钟大转移一次，对方想找到你也没那么容易。”佑哥说。	"""The player who gets a hunting mission updates your coordinates every five minutes, so it's not that easy to find you if you just calculate a good time and move around once every five minutes,"" Yugo said."
“有道理啊！那我现在赶快动身吧！”顾飞看了看时间，上线已经快五分钟了。	That's right, so let's get going now! Look at the time, it's been up for five minutes.
“你要买什么？我帮你。”佑哥走向拍卖行交易窗口。	"""What do you want to buy? I'll help you. "" Yugo went to the auction window."
“哦，来件30级法师应该穿的长袍，然后看看有没有附火法攻击机率的项链、戒指还有纹章，一样来一个。”顾飞说。	"""Oh, come with the robe that the thirty-stage wizards should wear, and then see if there are chains, rings, and scarves attached to the fire-attack capability,"" said Gufee."
佑哥面无表情地离开了交易窗口：“时间不早了，赶快上路吧！”	Yugo left the trading window facelessly and said, It's not too early, get on the road!
顾飞：“……”	"Guo-fei said, ""..."
出了拍卖行的两人快步朝城外走去。没走多远就听到身后一阵纷乱的脚步声，回头一看，数名玩家正朝着拍卖行冲去。	The two men who had come out of the auction were walking out of the city. Not long after they heard the sound of a row of footsteps behind them, they looked back and saw that several players were racing towards the auction.
“不是冲我来的吧！”顾飞一惊。	"""Don't hit me,"" he said in astonishment."
“看起来是的。”佑哥说。	"""It looks like it,"" said Yugo."
“人不少啊！”顾飞说。	"""A lot of people,"" said Guo Fei."
“自首吧！”佑哥镇定地说。	"""Get on with it,"" said Yugo calmly."
“别……”顾飞说。	"""Don't... "" said Guf."
“那你还是把脸蒙着，这么多人，难保有哪个眼尖的不会发现你的存在。你现在在他们眼中是标着一个号码的，一目了然。”佑哥说。	"""Then you'll still have your face covered, and so many people won't be able to find out who you are, and you'll have a number in their eyes,"" Yugo said."
“好好，先赶紧出城。城里人多眼杂，麻烦。”顾飞快步朝城外跑去，佑哥完全追不上顾飞的速度，只能在身后高呼了一声：“自己多小心。”	"All right, get out of town. There's too many people in the city, too many troubles. Kufu ran out of town quickly, and Yugo couldn't keep up with Kufu's speed at all. He shouted in the back, ""Be careful."
顾飞头也不回地朝他挥了挥手。	She did not turn her head back and wave her hand to him.
佑哥独自返身又来到拍卖行，为数众多的玩家正在这里进行搜查，还时不时地有新兵到达。佑哥觉得自己有些低估了情况的严重，他没想到顾飞可以招来这么多追捕的人。人类的好奇心真是太可怕了。	Yugo returned to the auction on his own and searched for a large number of players, with new soldiers arriving from time to time. Yugo felt that he had underestimated the seriousness of the situation, and he did not think that Gufu could bring in so many people to hunt. Human curiosity is terrifying.
离开拍卖行后佑哥联系了韩家公子等人。众人听到这个消息都是狠狠吃了一惊：“啥？那家伙不知道pk规则？”	"After leaving the auction, Yugo contacted Mr. Han and others. Everyone was shocked by the news: ""What? That guy doesn't know the pk rules?"""
“这个废物！开会开会！”身为团长的韩家公子首先对顾飞进行了批评，接着招集众人小雷酒馆老地方见面。	"""This waste! The meeting! The meeting!"" Mr. Han, who is the head of the mission, first criticized Mr. Gufee and then gathered the people to meet in the old place of the Liquor Store."
与此同时，纵横四海的风行正飞奔着找到了他们的会长无誓之剑。	At the same time, the winds all over the sea were flying to find their president's sword.
“机会来了！”纵横四海行会的大门几乎快被风行撞飞。	"""The opportunity is here! "" The doors of the four-sea tracks were almost blown by the wind."
无誓之剑正在和行会的几个小美眉交流感情，被风行突然打断，轻轻皱了眉，沉声道：“说过多少遍了，遇事要冷静，千万不要慌！”	"The Sword of No Oath was communicating emotions with the few little eyebrows of the meeting, and was suddenly interrupted by the wind, and wrinkled slightly, and said quietly, ""I've said it many times, calm down, don't panic!"
“蒙面杀手被通缉了！”风行直接用喊。	"""The masked killer has been seized,"" the windman shouted directly."
“他砍了不笑那么多次，当然会被通缉。”无誓之剑淡淡地道，继续在美眉面前表现他的冷静，“走，我和你去看看。”	"""He's cut so many times without laughing, of course, he'll be pursued,"" said the swordlessly, continuing to show his coolness in the face of the fair-eyed, ""Go, and I'll see you."
无誓之剑潇洒地扬手和几个美眉道了个别，沉稳地走出行会，轻轻地带上了房门，回身：“哇靠！！他怎么会被通缉的？砍了不笑那么多次，难道他没去自首坐牢吗？这样大家一追捕他，他的身份不就曝光了？之前蒙面还有什么意义？”	"The sword of no oath shook his hand and a few eyebrows gently, went out of the meeting, gently took the door, and returned to his place: ""Wow! How could he be caught? Didn't he go to jail so many times without laughing? So that when everybody caught him, his identity would not be exposed? What's the point of masking beforehand?"""
风行：“……”	The wind:...
“说啊你！”无誓之剑此时猴急的模样和之前在行会里时判若两人。	Say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say
“我……我也不知道啊！我就听说通缉任务那边出了一个pk值15的犯人，我想除了这家伙没有别人了。”	"""I-I don't know! I heard that there was a 15-penny-pound prisoner on the track, and I don't think there's anyone else but this guy."
“快去看看……”无誓之剑大步朝通缉任务发放处飞奔。	"""Come and see..."" The sword of no oath flew to the seizure station."
通缉任务发放窗口门庭若市。无誓之剑放眼一扫就看到了许多云端城其他行会的头头脑脑。这些人的心思无誓之剑可以猜到，无非就是想结交这个狠人，最好还能进一步拉进自己行会。其实无誓之剑心里也有这个打算，不过眼下倒不必想太多，这么多人，最终落到谁手还里还不一定呢！	The hunting mission is to release the window to the courtyard of the city. The Sword of Sworn looks at the heads and minds of many of the other gatherings in the cloudy city. The Sword of Sworn can guess that they want to make contact with this cruel man, and that it would be better to bring them into their own gatherings. In fact, the Sword of Sworn also has this intention, but at the moment it is not necessary to think too much, so many people, in the end it is not necessary to fall into the hands of anyone else!
无誓之剑转头在通缉榜上搜索。蒙面杀手的信息高挂于顶：pk值15，编号27149。	The sword of the oath turns to search the search list. The masked killer's information is high on the top: pk value 15, number 27149.
而此时还处在大厅里的人，都并不急于领取任务，他们都认为顾飞一定会来自首。而自首的地方同样是这个大厅，因此这些人都紧盯着进进出出的玩家，一发现是法师就两眼放光，接着又是一脸失望。	The people in the hall were not too eager to take on the task, and they thought that the flying squad would come from their heads, and that it was in the same hall as their heads, so they stared at the players as they went in and out, disillusioned as soon as they found the wizards.
“怪不得没来自首，自首更是死路一条。”无誓之剑暗自嘀咕。进出的法师有不少了，编号27149依然高居榜首。	"""No wonder it's not from the head, and it's the only way to die,"" he whispered in silence. There were many of them, and number 27149 still ranked high."
大厅的一角，七月、落落、烈烈三个姑娘也在观望着眼前的人流。	In one corner of the hall, in July, falling, and fierce, three girls were also looking at the stream of men before them.
“啊，这个，一定是他！新手袍呀！！”烈烈已经是第十七次指着某个玩家嚷嚷了。	"""Ah, this, it must be him! Newcomer's robe! ""It was the seventeenth time he had pointed to a player and shouted."
落落使用了一下鉴定术后，叹息道：“烈烈啊！高手不一定要很英俊，那只是你一厢情愿的想法罢了，你不要看到一个长得帅的法师就说是。你刚刚指的这个人才12级。”	"After a moment of appraisal, he sighed, ""Awful! Masters don't have to be very handsome, that's just your wishful thinking, you don't want to see a handsome philosopher. You just referred to this talent as the 12th class."
“哦……”	"""Oh.."
“咱们在这里多长时间了？”七月问。	"""How long have we been here?"" asked July."
“差不多快半小时了。”落落说。	"""It's been almost half an hour,"" he said."
“难道这人不打算来自首？”七月道出了真相。	Isn't this man going to come from the top? The truth came out in July.
“不会吧？pk值15啊，那他要在外面漂30个小时的，中间不下线了？如果要下线，回下线区的路上就很可能被人发现，只要是领取了通缉任务的玩家，在安全区也一样可以攻击他。”落落说。	"""No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no."
“那他怎么还不现身？”七月扫了一眼通缉榜。	"""Then why didn't he show up yet? "" he scouted in July."
“也许他也料到会有好多人等他过来自首，故意在哪个地方耗着吧！”落落说。	"""Maybe he thought there would be a lot of people waiting for him to come from the top, wherever he wanted to go,"" he said."
“哦！那再等等吧！”	Oh, wait a second!
所有人都是抱着这样的心思，耐心的等待着，直至一个小时过去。	All of them held on to such a heart and waited patiently until an hour had passed.
“啊啊啊！这个这个……咦，是个牧师呀……”烈烈指着一个家伙又开始惊叫了。	"""Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh!"
落落追着烈烈的目光望去，眼睛一亮。	Falling and falling, he looked at her with a fierce eye, and her eyes were bright.
落落轻轻拉了拉两人，指了指那人，在她们耳边小声道：“这人就是韩家公子。”	"The two gently dragged, pointing at the man, and whispered in their ears, ""This is the Duke of Han."""
韩家公子在任务大厅里转了一圈后，很快就离去了。落落拉了七月和烈烈，悄悄跟在了后面。	After a turn in the mission hall, the Han family soon left. After July and July, he followed quietly behind.
韩家公子一路走得很慢，过了两条街后，来到一个无人的所在，突然回头。三女飞快地缩入一旁角落。	The Han family went all the way very slowly, and after two streets, came to a place where no one was, and suddenly turned around. The three women flew quickly into a corner.
“藏什么啊！出来吧，你们后面还有人盯着你们呢！”韩家公子喊道。	"""What are you hiding! Come out, there are people behind you who are staring at you,"" shouted the Duke of Han."
“别动，他肯定是在骗人。”烈烈说。	"""Don't move, he must be cheating,"" he said fiercely."
“他没骗人……”一个声音清晰地在三人身后响起。	"""He didn't deceive.... a voice came out clearly behind the three."
三女目瞪口呆，烈烈回头看了一眼，更加茫然了：“你们听到有人说话了吗？”	The third woman stared, and looked back, even more confused, and said, Did you hear anyone talking?
七月已经站直了身子，望着身后的空气叹道：“是盗贼，潜伏在咱们身后呢！”	"July had stood up and sighed, looking at the air behind him, ""It's a thief, hiding behind us!"""
“可以出来了吗？”前面的韩家公子继续喊道。	"""Can you come out?"" continued the prince of the Han family in front."
三女无奈地走出角落。烈烈朝身后挥了几下拳脚，什么也没打到。	The three women went out of their corners in helplessness, waving a few fists and feet behind them, and nothing was hit.
“够小心的啊！还安个眼睛在身后。”落落说。	"""Be careful! Keep your eyes on the back,"" he said."
韩家公子却对她爱理不理，只是冷冷地道：“我们的交易好像在昨天就已经结束了。”	"The Han family did not care for her, but said coldly, ""It looks like our deal was over yesterday."
“是结束了，但也许还会有新的交易可以做。”落落说。	"""It's over, but there may be new deals to be made,"" he said."
“现在我们没空。”韩家公子说。	"""We don't have any room now,"" said Han's uncle."
“哦，有什么事要忙？”落落问。	"""Oh, what are you busy with?"" he asked."
韩家公子笑了笑：“你说呢？”	"Han's cousin laughed, ""What do you say?"
“这事是因我们而起的，有什么需要帮忙的，我们不会推辞。”七月很诚恳地说。	"""It's because of us, and we won't give up if there's anything we need to help with,"" said July in earnestness."
“小姐，有关我们帮你做的一切，你已经付过我们报酬，价钱也很合理，所以我们根本互不相欠。现在已经完全是我们自己的事，用不着你来操心了。收起你们的好奇心，赶快回去吧！”韩家公子说完转身已经准备离开。	Miss, you have paid us for all that we have done for you, and the price is reasonable, so that we have nothing to do with each other. Now it is all our own business, and we can't worry about you. Take your curiosity, and come back quickly!
“韩家公子！！”烈烈突然喊。	"""The Duke of Han!"" shouted suddenly."
韩家公子停下脚步。	The Duke of Han paused.
“我们知道你的名字，也知道你的模样，你不怕我们把你给说出去吗？”烈烈喊道。	"""We know your name, and we know what you look like; are you not afraid that we will tell you out?"" cried he."
“烈烈！”七月和落落显然都没想到烈烈会这么说。	It is clear that both July and Fall did not expect it to be so.
“威胁我？”韩家公子回头。	Threatening me? The Han family returned.
“不是，我的意思就说，你的身份都可以让我们知道，为什么不能让我们见见其他人，我们一定会保守秘密啊！”烈烈说。	"""No, I mean, your identity will let us know why we can't see the others, and we'll keep a secret,"" said the man."
韩家公子笑了笑，指了指了七月说：“问你们会长吧！也许她会明白我的心思。”	Han smiled, pointing to July, and said, Ask your president, perhaps she will understand my mind.
七月愣了愣。	In July, I was shocked.
“不要再跟着我了。我脾气不好，现在心情也不好，很容易翻脸的。最后友情提示你们一下，不要想着领了任务去看这人的真面目，他很残忍，从不手软，对任何人都一样！他是个真的杀手！”韩家公子最后几句说的咬牙切齿，充满怨念，说完便头也不回地离开了。	Don't follow me any more. I'm not well-tempered, I'm not well-tempered now, and I can easily turn my face. Finally, let's give you a friendly hint, don't think about taking the task of looking at the seriousness of this man, he's cruel, he's never soft, he's like anybody else! He's a real killer!
“什么人啊这是，太自以为是了！”烈烈骂道。	"""Who the hell is this, you think it is,"" he cried."
“小姐，背后说人坏话不好。”空气中有人说话。	Miss, it's not good to say bad things behind you. Someone's talking in the air.
“怎么还有人啊！”烈烈气得跺脚，“快滚，你个偷窥狂！”烈烈对着空气挥舞拳脚。	How many other people are there! He stamped his feet in a frenzy. Come on, you thief! He waved his feet to the air.
“走吧烈烈。”七月上来拉走了烈烈。	Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
“我们要不要领任务啊七月姐？”落落问。	"""We don't want to take over the mission, sister of July,"" he asked."
“领。”七月决然地说，“但不是去看他的真面目，是看有没有能帮上忙的地方。”	But not to look at his seriousness, but to see if there is a place to help.
</CHAPTER>	</CHAPTER>
</BOOK>	</BOOK>
"<BOOK id=""125"">"	"<BOOK id=""125"">"
"<CHAPTER id=""100"">"	"<CHAPTER id=""100"">"
100.第100章 买地（1）	100. CHAPTER 100 BUILDINGS (1)
连芳洲和连泽将那一大袋子土豆弄了回家，三姑奶奶几个人都凑上来看稀罕。	Lianfangsu and Lianze brought the large bag of potatoes home, and several of the three grandmothers came together to see the rare.
三姑奶奶便道：“种了一辈子地还从来没听说过土里还能长豆子的！这玩意儿到底长个乍样我得好好瞧瞧！”	"The three aunts said, ""I've never heard of beans growing in the soil in my lifetime! I've got to see how long this thing is!"
“我也没见过呢！我也要看！”连芳清和连澈也都睁大眼睛瞧着。	I've never seen it! I'll see it too! Even the fragrant and the clear look at it with wide eyes.
打开麻袋口，连芳清和连澈便争着从里面掏出了一个，比个鸡蛋还大，两人都惊讶的“呀”了一声，笑嘻嘻的说着稀罕话。	Opening the sack, both the fresh and the clear tried to pull out an egg bigger than an egg, and both of them shouted a surprise, laughing and saying rare words.
三姑奶奶也吃了一惊，叫道：“这就是那土豆啊，可真大个！哎呀，还带着泥呢！”	"The three aunts were astonished, too, and cried, ""This is the potato, but it's so big! Oh, and it's got mud!"""
连芳洲笑笑，心道这还算是小的了，想必是受了种子本身和种植技术的限制，要是在现代，成年人拳头大的也不稀罕。	Even Fang Chau laughed, and thought that it was too small, presumably because of the restrictions on the seed itself and the technology of cultivation, if in modern times, the adult's fists are not rare.
“我觉得长得一点也不像豆子！”连澈端详端详。	"""I don't think I'm any longer than a bean!"
“就是不知道好吃不好吃！”连芳清脆声说道。	"""I don't know if it's good or not,"" he said in a soft voice."
三姑奶奶就同她相视一笑，说道：“我也正这么想呢！”	"The three aunts smiled at her and said, ""I think so too!"
连芳洲便笑道：“等明年就有了，保管你们吃个够！这是做种子的，可不能吃！要是叫人知道了，是要受罚的！”	"Even Fanzhou laughed, ""When it is next year, keep enough to eat! It's for seed, but it can't be eaten! If people know, they'll be punished!"""
就是连芳清也明白种子的重要性，点了点头。	Even the fragrance also understands the importance of the seed, nodded.
“就是不知道好种不好种，唉！”三姑奶奶叹了口气。	"""I don't know how good it is or how bad it is,"" said the grandmother."
连芳洲便笑道：“这有什么好种不好种的，嗯，咱们就当跟大豆一样种便是了！”	"Fangzhou laughed, ""What good or bad plants are these? Well, let's plant them like soybeans!"""
这事儿官府办得太不靠谱，光把种子发下来就完事了，连个粗浅的指导都没有比如什么时节下种、适合什么样的土地、如要如何浇灌、什么时候收获等。	It's too unreliable for the government to do this, and it's done with the seeds, and there's not even a rough guideline on what to plant when, what kind of land, how to irrigate, when to harvest, etc.
“说的也是啊！不管怎么的这名字带了个豆字，就跟大豆似的种下去准没错！”三姑奶奶笑道：“还是芳洲聪明！”	That's what I'm saying! It's a bean name anyway, and it's going to be grown like a soybean! The three aunts laughed, Or Fuzhou is smart!
众人说笑讨论着，一般这种场合阿简总是不声不响的坐在一旁，并无多话。连泽也多是一旁笑看不语。	The people were laughing and discussing, usually in such a situation that A Jane sat quietly by, and had nothing to say. Even Ze was laughing and watching.
说了一阵连芳洲便将麻袋仔细扎好口，拍拍手笑道：“好了，这看也看过了，都洗洗睡吧！这些种子明儿得放阁楼上去！三姑奶奶，明天一早我和阿简、阿泽要进城，这几天可能都会很忙，家里的事情就全靠你照应了！”	"And as soon as he had spoken, he put his sack in his mouth, and clapped his hands, and laughed, ""Okay, now that you've seen it, let's wash and sleep! These seeds have to be put up in the attic tomorrow morning!"
三姑奶奶笑着答应，众人便收拾着睡了。	The three aunts smiled and agreed, and all of them went to bed.
第二天吃过早饭，连芳洲和连泽、阿简便出门往县城去了。	The next day, after breakfast, Liang Fuzhou and Liang Ze and Jane went out to the county.
阿简便说道：“如果银钱不紧的话，买头驴子、一辆驴车吧，往后恐怕用的时候还多着呢，光靠走路，不但更累，也耽搁事！”	And Jane said, If the money is not enough, buy a donkey and a donkey cart, for I am afraid that there will be more time for you to use it, and walking will not only make you more tired, but also delay you.
连芳洲想了想正是这个理，不但要买驴子，也要买牛，还有许多农具也得添置更新，这些回头都得做出一份计划来！	That's exactly what Lian thought, not only to buy donkeys, but also to buy cattle, and many farm tools also to be updated, all of which have to make a plan back!
不过眼下还是先买地最要紧！先将地买好了，其他的便按照田地数量来斟酌添置。	But the most important thing is to buy the land first! Buy the land first, and the others will be added according to the quantity of the field.
“我也是这么想呢！等咱们看好了地，这几日顺便就逛逛牲口市场问问价钱吧！价钱合适就买了，冬天买牲口，可比开春了要便宜些呢！咱们就自己辛苦些照应过冬！”连芳洲便笑道。	"""I think so too,"" he said. ""Let's go to the cattle market in the next few days and ask for a price when we're in good shape. If it's the right price, we'll buy cattle in winter, but it'll be cheaper than in spring."
连泽听了十分欢喜，笑道：“姐，咱们家也要买驴子和驴车了？真是想都不敢想呢！姐姐放心，到时候我和澈儿会好好照料驴子的！”	"Renze listened very gladly and laughed, ""Sister, do we want to buy a donkey and a donkey car in our house too? I can't think of it! Sister, rest assured, when I and Clear will take care of the donkeys well!"
“哦，不耽搁你练功吧？”连芳洲挑了挑眉打趣，三个人都笑了起来。	"""Oh, don't you delay your practice,"" said the three men, even Fan Chau's eyebrows, laughing."
连泽今日天没亮就起来练功了，说是以后都要如此，他果然在更加努力的学习武功，将来要保护她，保护这个家。	Renze got up at dawn today and practiced, saying that it would be the same in the future, and he was working harder to learn martial arts, and in the future to protect her, to protect this house.
“姐！”连泽挠挠头，甚是不好意思，又一本正经道：“不会的！我也要帮着家里干活才行啊，他们还小，不能累着姐姐一个了！”	"""Sister,"" said one of the brothers, with a very embarrassing twist of his head. ""No, I'll have to help with the house, because they're small and can't get tired of sister alone!"
“真是姐姐的好弟弟！”连芳洲就笑道。	"""It's a good brother for my sister,"" even Fan Zu laughed."
三人进城，便先去了钱庄兑换了一张一千两的银票，兑换成七张一百两的，还有三百两则兑成了五十两、十两若干，又换了十两碎银揣在身上零用。	The three entered into the city, and went to the treasure house, and exchanged one thousand two pieces of silver, seven hundred two pieces of silver, and thirty two pieces of silver, fifty two pieces of silver, ten pieces of silver, and twelve pieces of silver that were in their pockets for nothing.
因为大房村离县城并不太远，所以他们找地保便直接进城，若是离县城太偏远的地方，办这类事情便去就近的镇子上了。	Because the village was not too far from the county, they sought the land and went straight into the city; and if they were too far from the county, they went to the nearest town to do such things.
三人打听了管县城周边地区土地买卖的地保刘甲家在何处，便在点心铺里买了两盒点心去了。	The three listened to the location of Liu Kai's house, the landlord who sold the land around the county town, and bought two boxes of candy at the candy store.
刘甲恰好在家，见三个陌生人上门便知道肯定是生意上门了，便很客气的笑着招呼：“几位贵姓？是来买地的吧？呵呵，快进来坐！”	Liu is right at home, and when he sees three strangers at the door, he knows that it must be business at the door, and he smiles kindly and greets them.
刘甲说话是向着阿简的，三个人只有阿简是成年男人，他理所当然认为做主的是阿简。	Liu Qing spoke to Jane, only three of whom were grown-up men, and he naturally thought that Jane was the master.
阿简点了点头通了姓名，便说道：“我们是想看看山地，不知道有没有什么合适的？”	"Jane, nodding her name, said, ""We're going to see the mountains, and we don't know if there's anything suitable"
连芳洲便加了一句：“我们是大房村的，您看看在大房村或者附近村子可有要卖的！”	We are in a big house village, and you can see what you can sell in a big house village or nearby village.
刘甲手里正有好几处水田要卖，听到他们问不值钱的旱地，心里那热乎劲儿一下子便下去了许多。不过，蚊子腿也是肉啊，更别说这是他的本职工作了，脸上的笑意仍在，便问道：“我拿册子来看一看，不知你们要买多少呢？”	"Liu had several water fields to sell in his hand, and when he heard them ask for the priceless dry land, the heat of his heart went down a lot.But the mosquito's legs were also meat, not to mention that it was his job, and the smile was still on his face, and he asked, ""I'll take a look at the book, and I don't know how much you want to buy?"""
一边说一边去里间屋子去拿那专门记载的册子。	On the one hand, he said, and on the other, he went into the inner room to get the specially recorded book.
连芳洲就笑笑，说道：“大概两千来亩吧！”	Even Fanzhou laughed and said, About two thousand acres!
“多少？”刘甲正从里屋出来，闻言猛的睁大眼睛瞪向连芳洲反问。	"""How much?"" Liu Qing was coming out of the inner room, and asked Liang Fengsu with his eyes wide open, as he heard."
“两千来亩，您看看手头上有现成的吗？如果没有的话，能不能帮着想想办法？”连芳洲笑着，字字句句清清楚楚的落入了刘甲的耳中。	"""Two thousand acres, do you see any of it in your hand? If not, can you help me think of a solution?"" Liang Zhou laughed, and the words and phrases fell into Liu's ears clearly."
刘甲愣了愣，又朝阿简征询的看了过去。	Liu Qing shivered, and looked back at A Jane's inquiry.
“详细情形，你跟连姑娘说吧！”阿简便笑道。这些种田种地之类的事情，他可不太懂。	"""The details, tell the girl,"" said Jane, laughing.He didn't know much about the fields and so on."
“这……”刘甲动了动唇，一拍脑袋坐下，笑道：“干了小半辈子地保，我可真是看走眼了！你们要这么多地，只怕还真不知有没有呢！”	"Liu Liu moved his lips, sat down with his head, and laughed, ""I've spent my last half of my life in security, and I can't see it! You want so many places, I'm afraid you don't know if there are any!"
刘甲在册子上仔细的看了看，不多会眼睛一亮，笑道：“这儿倒是有一处较为合适的！”	"Liu looked carefully at the book, and did not blink, laughing, ""There's a place here that's more suitable!"""
这里你们大房村王财主家嫌这些旱地没什么出产又费事，正要卖了，共是一百六十多亩，这儿离着不远，是杨家村杨员外的，大约有三百八十亩，他家儿子做生意急需用大笔钱，家里田地出卖不少，这正是其中一处！这中间一大片，大约有两百八十多亩分属四户人家的，你们若想连成一片可以跟人说说或买或换，当然，价钱上只怕要吃点儿亏。	Here, your lord of the big house, the king of the village, is selling more than one hundred sixty acres of dry land, which is not far from this place, which is outside the village of Yang, about three hundred and eighty acres, and which his sons have to spend a great deal of money to do business with, and which is one of the places where the fields of the house are sold.
剩下的这一大片六百多亩，都是无主的荒地，若要买，得先交垦荒费给村里，再按官价缴纳一笔土地买卖钱到官府，可得多花点钱……当然，这也是有优惠的，前三年都不用交税。这一共算下来，就是一千五百多亩！	The remaining six hundred acres are uninhabited, and if you want to buy them, you must first pay the village for the reforestation, then pay the government for the sale of the land, and you can spend a lot more money. Of course, it is also preferable to pay no taxes in the last three years.That is more than 1,500 acres!
</CHAPTER>	</CHAPTER>
</BOOK>	</BOOK>
"<BOOK id=""139"">"	"<BOOK id=""139"">"
"<CHAPTER id=""100"">"	"<CHAPTER id=""100"">"
第100章 新车	Chapter 100 New Cars
“父亲，这个组织您可以猜出它的来历吗？”大卫对神秘的组织还是非常不放心，他向汉斯问道。	"""Father, can you guess the history of this organization?"" David asked Hans, still very uncomfortable with the mysterious organization."
“大卫，你知道‘不老圣水’的来历吗？”汉斯并没有直接回答，而是反问道。	"""David, do you know the history of the sacred water,"" Hans asked, not directly, but in reverse."
他轻轻把玩着装有‘不老圣水’的试管，眼中却是有着寒光闪动。	He played gently with the test tubes that he had worn, but his eyes shimmered with cold light.
“父亲，您知道？”大卫精神一震，连忙问道。	"""Father, do you know?"" David's spirit trembled, and he hastened to ask."
组织如此重视‘不老圣水’，这‘不老圣水’必然是组织掌握的一种特殊资源，汉斯知道‘不老圣水’的来历，那么组织的来历自是可以猜测出来。	The organization attaches so much importance to the sacred water, which is inevitably a special resource in the hands of the organization, and Hans knows the history of the sacred water, so that the history of the organization itself can be guessed.
“‘不老圣水’并不是联邦的出品，而是来自于神属大世界，并且是神属大世界的特产，至于如何生产出来的，我并不知道。”汉斯解释道。	淚 don't know how it's produced?Hans explained?It's not from the Federation?it's from the Divine World?it's a specialty of the Divine World?
“这组织可以得到‘不老圣水’，那么会不会与神属大世界有关联？”大卫又接着问道。	"""If this organization can receive 'the holy water of everlasting life,' then is it associated with the great world of God,"" David asked."
“虽然‘不老圣水’是神属大世界的特产，但在战星联邦的一些强者与神属大世界的强者也有交情，也会换取一些‘不老圣水’，所以单是这点‘不老圣水’就认定组织与神属大世界有关，就有些牵强了！”汉斯摇头说道。	"""While the Eternal Water is a specialty of the Divine World, some of the mighty men of the Federation of the Star Wars have a relationship with the mighty men of the Divine World, and they also exchange some of the Eternal Waters, so it is only in this respect that the Eternal Waters have a strong link with the Divine World,"" Hans shook his head."
不过大卫却是毛骨悚然，因为他得到的可不是这五瓶‘不老圣水’，而是整整一箱子，450瓶‘不老圣水’。	But David was terrified, for he had not received the five bottles, but a whole box, 450 bottles.
按照汉斯话中的意思，反过来听就是大批量的‘不老圣水’就必然与神属大世界有关联了。	"According to the Hanseatic meaning, in turn, listening to a large quantity of ""non-old sacred water"" is inevitably associated with the divine world."
他立即停止了想说出更多关于组织的，关于‘不老圣水’之事，这件事绝对不能连累到汉斯。	He immediately stopped trying to say anything more about the organization, about the sacred water, which could not be boring to Hans.
如果判断正确，他很可能就是与神属大世界的某个组织，或者至少也是有着神属大世界支援的组织为敌。	If judged correctly, he is likely to be an enemy of an organization of the Divine World, or at least of an organization that has the support of the Divine World.
这种势力，别说是他这样的学生，就是再强大许多倍的强者，也无法安然面对。	This force, not to say a student like him, is more powerful than many times stronger, and cannot be faced safely.
之前大卫之所以能够活下来，那是因为组织只是将他视为小角色，并没有重视。	Before David was able to survive, it was because the organization only regarded him as a small role and did not pay attention.
一旦知道他就是灭杀了杰里米训练师，同时抢了‘不老圣水’的那个人，后面的追杀必然是不会停止的。	Once it is known that he has killed Jeremy's trainer, and that he has robbed the one who is not old, the pursuit will inevitably not stop.
“父亲，五瓶‘不老圣水’能治好您的身体吗？”大卫转移话题，问出一开始就问的问题。	"""Father, can five bottles of 'non-old sacred water' heal your body?"" David moved on and asked the question he had asked at the beginning."
“当然可以修复好我的身体，只是这太浪费了，一瓶‘不老圣水’在任何地方都可以拍出天价！”汉斯将面前的五瓶‘不老圣水’推了回来，继续说道：“大卫，你以后需要更多的资源，斯特酒店那边能够为你提供的信用点并不多，这五瓶‘不老圣水’可以为你换回许多的资源。”	"""Of course, it can repair my body, but it's too wasteful, and a bottle of 'Not Old Water' can be sold for free anywhere! ""Hans pushed back the five bottles before him, and continued, ""David, you'll need more resources in the future, not too many credit points available to you from the Star Hotel, and these five bottles of 'Not Old Water' can buy you back a lot of resources."
“父亲，您不用推辞了，这是我的一片心意，您的身体好了，才不会被组织惦记‘国士’称号！”大卫笑着将‘不老圣水’又推了回去说道。	"""Father, you don't have to deny it,"" said David, laughing, and pushing back the holy water."
汉斯听到这句话，他停顿了一下，然后从五瓶‘不老圣水’中取了两瓶。	"When Hans heard this, he paused for a moment, then took two of the five bottles of ""non-old sacred water""."
“有两瓶就够了，‘不老圣水’在联邦之中虽然被人称道的是延长寿命，但它的治疗效果却是远超联邦的医疗水平！”汉斯解释道。	"""Two bottles are enough,"" Hans explains, ""and while it's called life extension in the federal state, the effect is far beyond the federal level of medical care."
他的身体是在战争中受到的损伤，其伤势很复杂，有超越身体承受能力使用甲士狙击枪，也有受到虫族毒素的影响，更有透支生命的原因。	His body was damaged in the war, and his wounds were complex, beyond the body's ability to withstand the use of artillery snipers, as well as being influenced by insecticides and more life-sustaining causes.
哪怕联邦拥有基因修复的医疗水平，也无法修复他的身体，或许也有可能，但消耗巨大代价只为了救治一个人，联邦是不可能准许的。	Even if the federal government had a genetically restored medical level, it would not be able to restore his body, and it might be possible, but it would be impossible for the federal government to allow the exorbitant cost of saving only one person.
但神属大世界不同，那边有着许多科学无法解释的神秘方法，‘不老圣水’就是其中之一。	But unlike the great world of God, there are many mysterious methods there that cannot be explained by science, and the sacred water is one of them.
“父亲，余下三瓶‘不老圣水’您也留下备用！”大卫坚持说道。	"""Father, leave the remaining three bottles of sacred water,"" David insisted."
汉斯盯着大卫看了一会儿，他似乎感觉到了一些，然后长舒了一口气。	Hans stared at David for a moment, feeling something, then took a long breath.
“我全收下，你千万注意安全，一旦有麻烦就通知我，或者通知盖伦！”汉斯沉声说道，然后他又接着说道：“关于‘国士’称号，我会公正遗嘱，你是‘国士’的直接继承人！”	"""I'll take it all off, and you'll be careful about the safety, and you'll let me know if there's any trouble, or Galeen,"" Hans said quietly, then he went on: ""As for the title of 'Count', I'll make a fair will, and you're the direct heir of 'Count'!"
大卫想要拒绝，但想了想还是没有说话。	David wanted to refuse, but he thought about it and didn't speak.
虽然‘国士’称号对于身份的提升，对于他的未来有着极大的好处。	Although the title of 'King' has great advantages for his future in terms of elevating his status.
可他却有信心用自己的双手取得更大的成绩，对于‘国士’的称号并没有什么想法。	But he was confident that he could achieve more with his own hands, and he had no idea of the title of 'King'.
但如果没有这个公正，不只是他因为‘国士’称号有危险，就连小伊迪也会受到‘国士’称号的牵连。	But without this fairness, not only would he be in danger because of the title of 'Count', but even little Eddie would be implicated by the title of 'Count'.
他将所有的压力全承担下来，组织想要得到‘国士’称号，那么必然要先杀死他，之后才会考虑到对付汉斯一家。	"He put all the pressure on him, and if the organization wanted to win the title of ""King,"" it was necessary to kill him first and then consider dealing with the Hans family."
在汉斯离开时，大卫并没有要求汉斯对‘不老圣水’这事保密，因为这根本不用他说，只看汉斯离开时，用多层包装将五瓶‘不老圣水’包裹的严严实实，再用了其它外包装伪装，就可以知道汉斯十分清楚保密的必要性。	When Hans left, David did not ask him to keep the matter confidential, because that was not what he said, and it was only when he left that he knew the necessity of keeping the confidentiality very well.
送走了汉斯，大卫并没有让影侍将能量传输给他，他此时的身体还未完全恢复，他可不想出现任何一点的浪费。	With Hans gone, David didn't let the waiter transfer his energy to him, and he wasn't fully recovering at this point, and he didn't want to see any waste.
也就因为这点，他连影侍身体的情况也不敢伸手去探查，就怕一接触就被强行贯注灵魂能量。	That's why he couldn't even reach out to the body of the bodyguard to look for it, and he was afraid of being forced into the soul's energy by a contact.
“大卫，你怎么离开医院了！”还没有坐一会儿，他就收到了吉姆的消息。	David, how did you leave the hospital! Before he could sit down, he had received Jim's message.
“我的那点伤，在医院一会儿就修复了！”大卫笑着通过身份手环向吉姆回道。	My wound was repaired in the hospital in a moment! David smiled and turned to Jim with his identification ring.
“别说了，你在哪儿，我去接你，今天无论如何都要聚聚！”吉姆直接说道。	Don't tell me where you are, I'll pick you up, and we'll get together anyway, Jim said directly.
大卫摇头将自己的位置发了过去。	David shook his head and threw away his position.
不过五分钟，大卫就看到了带有军标的军用悬浮车飞到他的院子上方，然后下降到院子中。	In five minutes, however, David saw a military helicopter flying over his yard, carrying a warning sign, and then descending into the yard.
“吉姆，你怎么开着军车来了？”大卫吃惊的看着军标问道。	""" Jim, how come you're driving in a military car?"" David asked, looking at the sign with astonishment."
要知道之前吉姆虽然一直开着军用悬浮车，但都是不带军标的，那只能算是军车民用，但今天可不同，这架军用悬浮车带有军标，可以说这就是有着军方特权的车辆。	Knowing that Jim used to drive military suspensions, but they were all without military signs, it was only military vehicles for civilian use, but today it is different, this military suspension with military signs, it can be said that this is a vehicle with military privileges.
就象现在，吉姆以低空飞行的方式将军用悬浮车开来，在以前给他几个胆也不敢这样做。	Just as now, Jim was flying in a low-flying manner, and had never dared to do so to some of his colleagues before.
要知道天网可不问你是否是佩兰城的军二代，只要没有权限，就会直接被锁定。	Knowing that Heaven doesn't ask if you're the second generation of the city's army, you'll be locked up if you don't have the authority.
“嘿嘿，这家伙怎么样？”吉姆从军用悬浮车上跳下来，得意的拍了拍军用悬浮车说道。	Hey, how's this guy? Jim jumped off the military helicopter and shot the military helicopter proudly.
“你也不怕被伊顿中尉打死！”大卫调侃道。	"""You're not afraid of being killed by Lieutenant Eaton,"" David scoffed."
“二型陆地之虎装甲车，装载了一架无人侦查扫描无人机，一门速射炮，左右两挺重型速射机枪，由氪晶为能源，是城防大队最好的军车！”吉姆却是自顾自的介绍道。	淚t is the best armored vehicle of the city defence squad,?said Jim in a self-serving introduction.淚t is the best armored vehicle of the city defence squad,?he said.淚t is the best armored vehicle of the city defence squad.?
“吉姆，你开这东西出来，不会给伊顿中尉添麻烦吧？”大卫吓了一跳，连忙问道。	""" Jim, you're not going to cause Captain Eton any trouble by opening this thing up, are you?"" David jumped and asked hastily."
他也没有想到这样一辆悬浮车竟然装载了这么多的武器，这说是悬浮车，但离小型战争堡垒都差不了多少了。	He had no idea that such a helicopter would carry so many weapons, a helicopter, but not far from a small war fort.
“这是我父亲让我送来的，父亲说在军功没有批下来前，没办法提前为你提升权限，但却是可以将这辆军车配给你使用，以保护你的安全，也算是军方的第一份奖励！”吉姆笑着将一份权限转移文件发到大卫的身份手环上，然后说道。	"""This is what my father sent me,"" he said, ""because he said that there was no way to advance your promotion before you had been awarded the merits, but that it was possible to give you the vehicle to protect your safety, and that it was the first reward of the army!"" Jim laughed and handed over a document transferring the privileges to David's identification ring, then said."
“吉姆，替我谢谢伊顿中尉，我很喜欢这辆车！”大卫心中很是高兴，身为男人哪个不爱军车，特别是这种装载了多种武器的军车。	""" Jim, thank you for my service, Captain Eaton. I love this car! "" David was delighted, being a man who didn't love a car, especially one that carried so many weapons."
“上车，我们出去试试车！”吉姆打开副驾驶的门，一边跳进去一边大叫道。	Come on, let's try it out! Jim opened the deputy driver's door, screaming as he jumped in.
大卫也是来了兴趣，他打开主驾驶的门，也跳了进去。	David was also interested, and he opened the door of the master driver, and jumped in.
坐在驾驶位上，看着比普通悬浮车多了许多的按钮，以及军方风格的各种面板，心中也是极为兴奋。	Sitting in the driver's seat, looking at more buttons than a normal suspension, and the various panels in the military style, I was also very excited.
不过他还是先拿出一旁的操作手册看了起来，这玩意如果不好好搞清楚各种按钮的作用，在城市之中将武器系统打开，就真的麻烦了。	But he went ahead and looked at the manual on the other side, which is a real problem if you don't really understand the function of the buttons and open the weapons system in the city.
</CHAPTER>	</CHAPTER>
</BOOK>	</BOOK>
"<BOOK id=""148"">"	"<BOOK id=""148"">"
"<CHAPTER id=""330"">"	"<CHAPTER id=""330"">"
第三百三十章 咨询	Chapter 330 Consultation
既然来了纽约，阿德里安自然不可能马上回去，反正电影的进展不顺利，而且只有那么一段镜头了，就当是放个假调整下心情好了。(/吞噬小说网 www)斯通倒是要回去，她还有自己的工作，于是他用另一架小型的私人飞机将她送回去，自己则搞上了艾梅柏?希尔德。	Since she was coming to New York, Adrian obviously couldn't go back right away, anyway, the movie wasn't going well, and there was only one scene left, so let's make a little adjustment.Storm was going back, and she had her own job, so he sent her back with another small private plane, and he got Aimee Herbert.
尽管身边的女人此刻不少在纽约，《穿普拉达的女王》剧组还没走，《绯闻女孩》的外景地就在纽约，斯嘉丽和姬莉的比试，莉顿和布莱克的竞争，都是相当不错的游戏，但是尝鲜永远都不会腻，更何况艾梅柏很愿意和他深入交流一番。	Although many of the women around me are in New York at the moment, The Queen in Prada hasn't gone yet, the scenery of The Frightful Girl is in New York, Scarlett's and Girly's trials, Liton's and Blake's competitions, are pretty good games, but taste the fresh will never be boring, and moreover, Aimee is willing to communicate with him in depth.
平心而论，艾梅柏不是特别随便的女人，但她确实放得开，阿德里安最早挑逗她的时候，她就直接了当的表示自己是双性恋。当然，对阿德里安来说，这不是什么问题，更何况他还可以……于是这次在纽约彻底搞定了艾梅柏。	To be fair, Aimee wasn't a particularly casual woman, but she did let it go, and when Adrian first flirted with her, she was right to say she was bisexual. Of course, for Adrian, that wasn't a problem, and he could be... So this time in New York, Aimee got it all right.
然后，连带着将泰莉莎也搞定了，有了艾梅柏帮忙在她耳边旁边吹风，阿德里安少花了不不少时间。没错，她对她很有感觉，一直试图挑逗泰莉莎，只可惜不知道她是没有意识到还是装作没看见，从来没有表态过，所以艾梅柏才会出此下策，并在阿德里安带泰莉莎回酒店后提前等在那里了。	Then, with the help of Aimeeber to blow the wind around her ears, Adrian spent little time. Yes, she was very sensitive to her, and had tried to provoke her, but unfortunately she didn't know whether she was unaware or pretending to be unaware, so Aimeeber did not take this step, and she waited there in advance after Adrian brought her back to the hotel.
这样的确便宜了阿德里安，但对艾梅柏而言，却是值得的。	It's really cheap for Adrian, but it's worth it for Emmett.
至于泰莉莎因此而纠结值得不得值得，她会想开的。既然她想要做第二个布兰切特或者娜奥米，那么一定会想开的。更何况还有阿德里安的开导。	As for Theresa, she would have thought it worth it or not; and since she wanted to be the second Branchet or Naomi, she would have thought it worth it. Moreover, there was Adrian's introduction.
不过，阿德里安爽归爽了，随之而来的副作用也让他有些稍微有些吃不消。先是莉顿和布莱克在房车内的逆袭，两人都是一身他目前最中意的校服打扮，平时竞争不止的两个人突然配合得异常娴熟和默契，让他很是惊讶。然后是斯嘉丽和姬莉，她们一起表示要继续之前的比试，两对丰满的诱惑再加上了许多新花招。让人目不暇接。	However, Adrian recovered, and the side effects that accompanied it made him a little bit uncomfortable. Firstly, Liton and Blake were attacked in the van, both dressed in his best school uniform at the moment, and he was surprised to see that the two competitors, who usually competed more than once, all of a sudden matched up with extraordinary skill and compromise. Secondly, Scarlett and Girly, who together expressed their willingness to continue the previous trials, both pairs were full of temptations and many new tricks.
接着是亚历山大和米兰达，两个女人充分发挥了她们的长腿优势，将他的腰都快夹断了。到最后，连茱莉亚也放下了矜持，和安妮比试了一番，看看谁的嘴巴更厉害。	Then there were Alexander and Milanda, two women who took full advantage of their long legs and cut off his waist quickly. Finally, even Julia dropped her pride and tried with Annie to see who had a stronger mouth.
虽然这些都是在两天内发生的，对阿德里安来说只算次小小的挑战。但从女人们那前仆后继的动作中，他还是知道如果自己再呆下去会出现什么样的情况。尽管阿德里安并不介意试试，毕竟除了当初的海滩派对和之前的《绝望主妇》派对，即使偶有混战也是小规模的，也没有再像当初那样将几个彼此不对付的女人弄到一起。	Although all this happened within two days, it was only a small challenge for Adrian, but he knew what would happen if he stayed with the women's first and second steps.Although Adrian didn't mind trying, after all, apart from the original beach party and the previous Miss Hope party, even if there was a little bit of a fight, there were no more women who were not getting along as they had at first.
不过要是惹怒了女人们，让她们同仇敌忾的话。很难说结果会怎样，即使安妮可能比小宠物更听话，所以他很快的登上飞机回了西海岸。	But if you provoke the women and make them laugh at your enemies, it's hard to say what the result will be, even though Anne might listen to you more than a pet, so he quickly boarded the plane back to the West Coast.
其实，阿德里安也知道她们的心思，无非就是不想更多的女人来分一杯羹罢了——不光是床上。还有生活中，他一手打造的利益链。基本上将大部分女人都囊括了进去。	In fact, Adrian knew what they were thinking, not least that he didn't want more women to share a cup of tea--not just in bed. In life, too, he created a chain of interests, essentially encompassing most women.
比如莫妮卡、亚历山大各自的时尚品牌，比如莎拉、茱莉亚的影视制作公司，比如林志铃、高媛媛她们算是垄断了亚裔在好莱坞的高端女性角色等等，也许还有少部分女人不在其中，但也有着足够多的空间。所以，多一个女人就可能多分出去一份，对于现在的她们来说，这绝对是不想看到的。	For example, Monica and Alexander's respective fashion brands, for example, Sarah and Julia's film production companies, for example, Lin Shizuo and Takahime-hime, they are a monopoly on Asian-American high-end female roles in Hollywood, and so on. Maybe a few women are not in it, but they have plenty of space.
好吧，阿德里安并没打算有所收藏，尽管斯通、艾梅柏、泰莉莎，都各有滋味，但在他看来，时不时玩玩尝个鲜就行了，没有必要摆上架。这两年唯一让他有收藏**的只有艾伦?佩姬这个不算漂亮却很有味道的加拿大姑娘，这让人很惊讶，却是个不折不扣的事实。	All right, Adrian didn't intend to have a collection, although Stone, Aimee, Theresa, all had their tastes, but he thought it was enough to have a taste every now and then and there was no need to put it on the table.The only thing he had to have a collection of these two years was Ellen Peggy, a Canadian girl who wasn't pretty but tasty, which was surprising, but it's an irresistible fact.
正因为如此，他本来很想将《朱诺》给克里斯汀来磨练演技的，但考虑到原本属于艾伦的《美国田园下的罪恶》已经交给了克里斯汀，所以最终还是留给了艾伦——有先知先觉的优势，加上vi集团在网络中的优势，找到写博客的迪亚波罗?科蒂并出版她的小册子再改编成电影一点问题都没有。	That's why he wanted to train Christine on Juno, but given that Allen's original film, The Sins in the American Country, had already been given to Christine, it was left to Allen—a precognitive advantage, plus the vi Group's advantage over the Internet, finding the blogger Diabolo Coti and publishing her booklet—it was no problem to remake it into a movie.
当然当然，女人们不会在乎这些，她们只会看到他又在沾花惹草，为了扼杀那些潜在的可能，她们不介意联合起来。对阿德里安来说，如果只是一个两个或者三个四个女人如此都没什么，可要是联合的多了，他也不得不做出让步。	Of course, of course, women don't care about this, they just see him pulling the weeds, and they don't care to unite in order to stifle the potential.For Adrian, it's nothing if it's just one, two or three or four women, but if it's more, he has to give up.
好吧，不说这些了，在回到洛杉矶之后，又过了差不多一周的时间，终于，在满四个月之前，首部亿万富豪饰演亿万富豪的超级英雄电影《钢铁侠》，正式封镜。	Well, not to mention that, after coming back to Los Angeles, it's been almost a week, and finally, four months before the first millionaire starring in the millionaire's superhero movie, Iron Man, was officially cast.
当天的现场一片欢腾，费儒在宣布完成后，很多人都鬼叫着将帽子、外套什么往天花板上跑去，仿佛终于得到了解脱似的。	There was a lot of excitement on the scene that day, and when Confucius had announced the completion, many people shouted the hat and coat off to the ceiling, as if they had finally got it.
“我的表现就那么糟糕吗？”阿德里安忍不住问了句，然后，现在沉默了几秒钟，所有人都看了过来，然后齐声给了个一致的回答：“yes！”	Are my performances so bad? Adrian asked, and now, for a few seconds, everyone looked around and gave a unanimous answer: yes!
相当的整齐划一，就好像排练了无数次似的，从导演到副导演再到助理以及别的演员，一个都没跑，如果有不知情的人看到这一幕，肯定会以为阿德里安做了什么人神共愤的事情。不过很可惜，他早就料到会这样，所以反击也是相当犀利的，当即拍了怕费儒的肩膀：“好吧，我们第二部再见。”	"It's quite neat, it's as if you've been rehearsing countless times, from the director to the assistant director to the assistant director and the other actors, and none of them have run, and if anyone who didn't know it saw the scene, he would have thought that Adrian had done something that made people feel very upset, but it's a pity he'd expected that to happen, so the counter-attack was pretty sharp, and he shot Confucius's shoulder right away: ""Okay, goodbye for the second part."
费儒愣了下，当即翻了个白眼，他当初可是了两部合约，然后其他那些反应过来的人也跟着哀叹起来，此起彼伏相当有趣。	Confucius was astonished, and immediately turned his eyes white, for he had made two contracts at first, and the others who had responded followed him in mourning.
好吧，拖拖拉拉的电影终于结束了，生活节奏再次恢复到了年初时的悠闲模样，虽然阿德里安今年一直都很悠闲，但有更多的时间陪陪女人们和女儿们也不错。顺便还可以玩玩游戏什么的。	Well, the trailer movie is finally over, and the pace of life is back to its early days. Although Adrian has been very leisurely this year, there's plenty of time for the girls and the daughters too. By the way, you can play games and stuff.
“也许我真的应该将设计这个职业的家伙给开除掉，一个buff只有五分钟。一个圣印只有30秒，用审判打出去了还得再开一个才有附加攻击，他们把这个职业当成什么了？还是根本就是做出来当消遣的？”阿德里安双手枕着脑袋有些郁闷的看着电脑屏幕中游戏角色，虽然已经预料到了这些而且已经玩到45级了，但他还是忍不住想要叹气。	"""Maybe I really ought to get rid of the guy who designed this career, a five-minutebuff, a 30-second sanctuary stamp, a 30-second trial and one more attack, what did they make of this career, or was it just a hobby?"" Adrian, with his hands crammed to his head, looked down at the characters on the computer screen, and although he had anticipated them and had played to level 45, he couldn't help sighing."
还好，黛娃这时抓着自己的小浣熊布偶跑了过来，在旁边踮起脚尖努力的张望着：“爸爸在做什么？”	"All right, then, Deva, holding her little raccoon doll, ran over and looked at him with an effort at her tip: ""What's Dad doing?"
“嘿，亲爱的。打扮好了？让爸爸看看。”阿德里安当即将小家伙抱了起来。	Hey, dear. Get dressed? Let Daddy see. Adrian grabbed the little guy as he approached.
黑色的头发留得很长，两条小辫子从肩膀上垂下，穿着米色的连衣裙，腮帮子鼓鼓的，乖乖巧巧的非常可爱。	His black hair was long, two little braids hanging from his shoulders, and he was dressed in a rice-colored dress, and his cheeks were bubbling, and he was very cute.
“我是不是很漂亮，爸爸？”黛娃有些得意的挥舞了下手中的布偶。	"""I'm not pretty, Daddy? ""Diva waved the doll in her hand a little cleverly."
“当然，非常漂亮。就像个小天使，妈妈很会挑衣服呢。”阿德里安捏着她肉肉的脸蛋如此说道，“尤其是这个小发卡，和你非常”	"Of course, it is very beautiful. Like a little angel, Mother is very good at picking clothes, said Adrian, squeezing her flesh on her face, ""especially this little hair card, which is very much with you"
黛娃转了转眼睛，忽然凑到爸爸的耳边低说道：“不要告诉妈妈哦，发卡和鞋子是朱丽叶帮我挑的。”	"She turned her eyes, and suddenly came to Dad's ears and said, ""Don't tell your mother Oh, the hair cards and the shoes Juliet picked for me."
然后她又吃吃笑了起来。似乎很得意的样子，非常可爱。	Then she ate and laughed again. She looked very happy, very cute.
“是吗？”阿德里安挑起眉，“这么说朱丽叶很会挑东西了？看来以后你可以做她的模特嘛。”	Isn't it? Adrian raises her eyebrows. That's why Juliet is very picky. It looks like you can be her model in the future.
“好啊好啊，以后我就让朱丽叶专门为了挑衣服。”黛娃大声叫好起来，朱丽叶要是看到和听到了。少不得要和她争吵一番。	"""All right, all right, I'll let Juliet pick her clothes afterwards,"" she cried loudly, ""if Juliet had seen it and heard it."
随着年龄的增加，黛娃和朱丽叶少不得要吵吵闹闹的。毕竟很快就要上学了，但两人的吵闹从来没有过激过，而且总会加深彼此的感情。直到现在，两个小家伙无论到哪里都要一起睡，有时候真想再有这么一对不是双胞胎胜似双胞胎女儿。	As they get older, Deva and Juliet don't have much to quarrel about. After all, they're going to school soon, but the quarrel has never been too intense, and always deepens the feelings between them. Until now, the two little guys have been sleeping together wherever they go, and sometimes they really want to have another couple that's not twins like twin daughters.
阿德里安当即凑了过去想要亲亲小家伙，谁知黛娃却向后躲了过去并皱起眉头：“不要啦，爸爸的胡子好扎人。”	"Adrian immediately gathered around and wanted to kiss the little guy, who knows if Deva was hiding behind and frowning, ""No, Dad's beard is nice."
“哦？”阿德里安挑了挑眉，当即将她拉进怀里，用胡茬在肉肉的脸蛋蹭了起来，将小家伙扎得哇哇大叫。	"""Oh,"" Adrian raised his eyebrows, and when she was about to be pulled into his arms, he rubbed his beard on the flesh's face and shouted the little boy."
“讨厌死了，爸爸是坏蛋！大坏蛋！”终于挣扎着跳到地上后，黛娃扮了个大大的鬼脸，然后咚咚咚的飞快跑了出去。	"""I hate to die, Daddy's a bad guy! Big bad guy! ""Diva, who was struggling to jump to the ground, dressed up in a big ghost's face, and ran out in a hurry."
“怎么了？又在捉弄黛娃？”莫妮卡这时从里间走了出来，一身黑色的的半透明的长裙，头顶带着宽檐帽，很有古典气质。	What's the matter? Are you catching Eva again? Monica came out of the room, wearing a black, semi-transparent dress, with a broad cap on her head, and a classic look.
“当然没有。”阿德里安虽然这么说道，却得意的摸着下巴，自从为《钢铁侠》留起了络腮胡后，用胡茬扎女儿的脸蛋就成了必修课之后，连莉莉那个胆大妄为的家伙对这招也都避之不及。	"""Of course not,"" said Adrian, but he was glad to touch his chin, and even the cowardly little Lilly could not escape the trick since she had left her moustache for Iron Man and had made it a must-do with her daughter's face."
看出来的莫妮卡白了他一眼，却没有多说什么，只是扬了扬双手：“我看起来怎么样？”	"Monica White looked at him, but didn't say much, just raised her hands: ""What do I look like"
“相当漂亮。”阿德里安微微一笑，绕着她走了圈，从后面搂住她的小腹，“依然是那么迷人。”	It was quite beautiful. Adrian smiled a little, circled her around, and wrapped her belly from behind, still so fascinating.
莫妮卡虽然笑了下，却摸着眼角叹了口气：“不知不觉，鱼尾纹都已经这么深了。”	"Monica, though laughing, sighed at the corner of her eyes, ""I don't know, the tail is so deep."
“那又如何？”阿德里安抓住了她的手，将她扳了过来，“每个人都会老，这是自然现象，没有必要去回避。而且，对你来说，越来越有魅力，就像珍藏了许多年的红酒，散发着淡淡的，却让人着迷的味道，刚开始还不觉得，但多饮几口，那醇厚的回味能让醉过去。”	"What about that? Adrian grabbed her hand, drew her back, and said, ""Everyone gets old, it's a natural phenomenon, and there's no need to avoid it, and it's getting more and more attractive to you, like a red wine that's been treasured for many years, and it's shiny, but it's fascinating, and you don't feel it at first, but a few more drinks, and you'll be overwhelmed by the delicious aftertaste."
莫妮卡没有回答，只是定定的看着他，阿德里安捧起了她的脸蛋，在她的眼角处轻轻吻了一口：“你是我的，莫妮卡，无论生老病死，你都是我的。”	Monica did not answer, but looked fixedly at him, and Adrian raised her face, and kissed her in the corner of her eye: You are mine, Monica, and you are mine, whether old or dead.
这句话他说过不止一次，但从来不像现在这么意味深长，所以莫妮卡倒入怀中将他紧紧抱住，什么都不说的就这样安静抱着，直到敲门声响起。	He had said this more than once, but it had never meant as much as it did now, so Monica fell into her arms and held him tightly, saying nothing, holding him still until the doorbell rang.
“再不走的话就要迟到了，”苏菲出现在门口，一身很有味道的女式西服加长裤，然后觉察到什么的挑了挑眉，“你们在做什么吗？”	"""If you don't go, it'll be too late,"" said Sophie, appearing at the door, dressed in a delicious woman's suit and trousers, then picking up what she was looking for. ""What are you doing?"
“没什么，只是一点感怀，”一只手搂着莫妮卡腰肢的阿德里安，笑着伸出另一只手搂住苏菲的腰肢。然后一把将她带入怀中，“真幸运能拥有你们。”	"""Nothing, just a little bit of emotion,"" said Adrian, one arm around Monica's waist, smiling and extending another arm around Sophie's waist, then taking her into her arms, ""I'm so lucky to have you."
“是啊。你真幸运。”苏菲翻了翻眼睛，将“你”这个词咬得很重。	"Yes, you are lucky. Sophie turned her eyes and bit the word ""you"" very hard."
阿德里安仿佛没有听出来，笑着伸手在她眼角的鱼尾纹滑过：“当然，能看着这里一点点的增多，还将看着继续增多以及帮忙做按摩，我又怎么不幸运。”	Adrian, seemingly unaware, smiled and reached over the fish's tail at the corner of her eye, and said, Of course, how unlucky I am to be able to watch it grow a little bit here, and also to watch it grow and help with the massage.
苏菲愣了下，依然美丽的眼眸露出讶异和复杂的目光，一起这么多年了。她怎么会听不出来他话中的意思。脑袋移向另一边，莫妮卡带着微笑靠在阿德里安身上，作为一起生活了数年，单独在床上也都对阵过无数次的人，苏菲基本上都明白了。	Sophie was astonished, and her beautiful eyes were still astonished and complicated as they had been for so many years. How could she not hear what he was saying. Moving her head to the other side, Monica leaned on Adrian, smiling, as she had lived together for years, and had faced countless people alone in bed, and Sophie understood it.
“哼！”虽然轻哼了声，但看着阿德里安的目光已经变得无比柔软，感概的眷恋的氛围随即在三人之间流淌起来。暖洋洋的，非常舒服。	"""Hmm,"" he hummed, but Adrian's eyes had softened, and the warm, comfortable atmosphere of affection had flowed between the three."
“好了，我们走吧，否则下面的两个小家伙要跑上来了。”半晌后阿德里安这么说道，就这么搂着苏菲和莫妮卡往楼梯走去。	All right, let's go, or the other two little boys will run upstairs, said Adrian half an hour later, and went upstairs with Sophie and Monica.
不过没两步，他就伸手在她们依然还算翘挺的臀部用力捏了把。之前的氛围顿时当然无存。苏菲和莫妮卡虽然气恼，却也只能给他一记白眼，阿德里安不由哈哈大笑起来。	Within two steps, however, he pressed his hand against the hips of the two men, which were still upright, and the atmosphere of the previous moment of course vanished. Sophie and Monica, angry as they were, could not help but give him a glimpse, and Adrian laughed without laughing.
到了楼下，抓住跑来跑去的黛娃和朱丽叶，一行人出门上车去了贝弗利山。阿德里安的豪宅，今天是每月一度的母亲们聚会的日子。	When they got downstairs, they grabbed Eva and Juliet, who were running away, and they rode out to Mt. Beverly. Adrian's house, today is the month-by-month meeting of mothers.
坦率的说。随着孩子们的增多，这个聚会渐渐变得有些鸡肋。阿德里安最初这样安排，是考虑到孩子们的母亲聚在一起应该会相对平和一些，相互之间也能更好的交流。只是，随着孩子的增加，母亲团队也在增加，去年和今年就增加了泽塔琼斯、妮可、娜奥米三个人，阿德里安目前已经暗示过瑞切尔，她选择了默认。未来亚历山大、米兰达以及布兰妮、克里斯蒂娜等等，恐怕也是一个都跑不掉，可想而知。	As the number of children increases, the party becomes more and more chaotic. Adrian initially arranged it to take into account the fact that the mothers of the children should get together in a relatively peaceful way and communicate better with each other. However, as the number of children increases, the team of mothers also increases, with the addition of Zeta Jones, Nicole and Naomi last year and this year. Adrian has now hinted at Rachel, and she has chosen acceptance.
然后，人始终会抱团，不对付的始终不对付，比如泽塔琼斯始终和凯特说不上话——事实上，三个凯特都不怎么对付，只是布兰切特比较克制。而妮可和格温妮丝相互之间也总是有些小摩擦，尽管她们在海滩派对时，曾激烈的酣战过，所以阿德里安很少将所有女人拉倒同一场合出现。	And then people always get together, and the wrong thing always gets the wrong thing, like Zeta Jones always can't talk to Kate--in fact, the three Kates don't have a deal, except that Branchett is more restrained--and there's always a little friction between Nicole and Gwennice, even though they've had a rough fight on the beach party, so Adrian rarely drags all the women into the same match.
之前还好，但在桑迪、爱丽丝她们出生后，每次母亲聚会，阿德里安都会非常忙碌——忙着平衡着她们的关系，以免闹出什么乱子来。他当然也可以取消大聚会，分成若干个小聚会，让彼此关系还可以的母亲们在一起聊天交流，但他几乎没有想过。	It was good before, but when Sandy and Alice were born, every mother's party, Adrian was very busy - busy balancing their relationships so as not to get into trouble.He could of course cancel the big party, divide it into several smaller parties, and let the mothers who were still in good relationship talk and communicate, but he barely thought about it.
“我不想莉莉以后面对自己的妹妹们产生疏离感，”在凯特隐晦的提出这个问题后，阿德里安很认真的说道，“不管怎么说，我们已经是一个大家庭了，我希望孩子能平和的相处，哪怕因为年龄的增加，彼此之间少不得有很多摩擦，甚至可能反目，但至少不会因为母亲不同而天然的就带着矛盾。”	"""I don't want Lily to feel alienated from her sisters in the future,"" said Adrian seriously after Kate asked the question in obscurity. ""We're a big family anyway, and I hope the children will be able to have a peaceful relationship, even if there's a lot of friction between them as they get older, or even if there's a backlash, but at least not because the mother is different and naturally contradictory."
“……还不是你的错。”凯特沉默许久后这么说了句，语带讽刺但同时也很无可奈何，谁让这个混蛋将自己“绑架”了呢。	"It's not your fault,"" Kate said in silence after a long time, a satirical, but at the same time inconceivable phrase, ""who let the bastard kidnap himself?"""
当然，阿德里安也不否认这是自己的错，所以每个月这么痛并快乐一次也没什么大不了，反正他现在时间也有很多。	Of course, Adrian doesn't deny that it's his fault, so it's not a big deal to be so painful and happy once a month, anyway he has a lot of time now.
多余的时间除了让他可以更好安排这些外，还可以用来更详细的谋划一些电影，比如凯特的下一部冲奥斯卡而去的作品。目前她的几次提名，阿德里安都只是在后面推了一把，已经积累了不少资历，演技也一步步的磨练了出来，所以他这次特意选了部凯特“曾经”的政治电影，打算看看自己不插手的话，她能做到什么地步。	"The extra time, in addition to giving him a better arrangement, could be used for more detailed planning of films, such as Kate's next Oscar-winning film. At the moment, her several nominations have been pushed back, she has accumulated a lot of experience, and her acting has been steadily refined, so he chose this time specifically for Kate's ""earlier"" political film, in order to see what she could do if she didn't interfere."
除此之外，就是新线正在忙活的《暮光之城》了，已经确认将出演女主角的杰西卡?斯托亚迪诺维奇，目前因为他的恶趣味已经正式改名为史托雅?多尔。当然，他也已经在床上尝过了，改名的史托雅相当听话，她知道是谁给自己这些，所以阿德里安无论有什么要求她都会去做。	Besides, the new line is busy with The City of Darkness, which has confirmed to star Jessica Stojadinović, now officially renamed Stoja Doll because of his evil interests. Of course, he has also tasted it in bed, and Stoja quite listens, she knows who gives it to herself, so Adrian will do whatever she asks.
对于她这副听话而柔顺的模样，阿德里安很满意，再看看有自己干预而挑选出来的《暮光之城》的演员名单。除了出演女主角两位同学的克里斯汀和金泰熙外，阿什丽?格林尼和布鲁克林?戴可儿分别饰演卡伦家的一对姐妹，饰演女主角母亲的是阿曼达?皮特，而饰演卡伦太太的则是詹纽瑞?琼斯。	Adrian was pleased with her gentle tone of voice, and looked at the list of actors who had been chosen to act in The City of Darkness with her own intervention.Apart from the actresses Christine and Kim Taylor, Ashley Greene and Brooklyn Decker played a pair of sisters from Karen's family, Amanda Pitt as the actress's mother and Jennifer Jones as Mrs. Karen.
都还不错，有史托雅帮忙的话，就像艾梅柏那样，一个一个搞定她们应该不是难事。哦，说到这里，以艾梅柏那颇显妖艳的模样，阿德里安打算让在她在第二部里饰演那个反派女性吸血鬼之一，而另一个……依然还是达科塔?范宁。	That's all well and good, and if Stoya helps, it shouldn't be a problem for them to deal with one by one, just like Aimee's. Oh, by the way, with Aimee's pretty shiny appearance, Adrian's going to get her to play one of the anti-Semitic female vampires in Part Two, and the other... still Dakota Van Nine.
按阿德里安的想法，达科塔目前在童星方面已经没有再上升的空间，而很快每个童星所需要面对的尴尬期就会来临。所以缓上一点，饰演些这种商业角色，将这段时期度过了最好，不过她似乎也有一些属于自己的想法。	According to Adrian, Dakota now has no room to rise in the role of a child, and soon the embarrassment that every child needs to face will come. So slow down and play some of these commercial roles to spend the time better, but she seems to have some ideas of her own.
“这个是……”阿德里安看了看手中的剧本，然后看向坐在自己面前略有些紧张的达科塔。	Adrian looked at the script in his hand, then at Dakota, a little nervous, sitting in front of him.
“我只是想要听听您的意见。”她用一副恭敬的口吻说道。	"""I just want to hear your opinion,"" she said with a respectful kiss."
“好吧。”阿德里安并无不可的翻开了封面，剧本的名字清晰的出现在了眼前：《猎犬》	"""All right,"" Adrian said, without hesitation, turning the cover, and the name of the play appeared clearly in front of him: ""The Hunter"
</CHAPTER>	</CHAPTER>
</BOOK>	</BOOK>
"<BOOK id=""169"">"	"<BOOK id=""169"">"
"<CHAPTER id=""150"">"	"<CHAPTER id=""150"">"
第150章 打断四肢	Chapter 150 Fracture of the limbs
听到马管事的话，凌霄并没有动怒，双眼微微眯了起来。	When he heard the horseman's words, Ling Ling did not get angry, his eyes squinted slightly.
一丝锋芒从眸子中闪烁而出，落在马管事的身上，马管事浑身一颤，感觉到自己仿佛被一尊太古凶兽盯住了，浑身都有些僵硬了起来。	A glance of sharpness came out of his eyes, and fell on the horseman, and the horseman trembled, and felt as if he had been caught by an ancient beast, and became a little stiff.
但随即，他的心中就生出了一股恼羞成怒的神色。	But immediately a look of indignation and anger was born in his heart.
自己怎么会被一个化灵境三重的小子吓到？这个小子太可恶了！	How can you be frightened of a three-dimensional little boy? That little boy is so evil!
“你又怎么知道焦木大师不会出来见我？我劝你乖乖的去通报，否则等下会出现什么，可就不是我能够控制的了！”凌霄淡淡的说道。	"""How do you know that Master Kogi won't come out to see me? I'll advise you to let me know, or I won't be able to control what happens next,"" said Liu Xiao."
马管事的眸子里闪烁出一丝凶光，冷笑道：“小子，你还真是嚣张啊！现在我改变了主意，若是你跪在我面前磕头求饶，我可以打断你的四肢，留你一命，否则的话，就不要怪我不客气了！”	I've changed my mind now, and if you kneel in front of me and beg for forgiveness, I can cut off your limbs and keep you alive; otherwise, don't blame me for being rude!
“磕头求饶，打断四肢吗？这倒是一个好主意，你若是去传话，让焦木来见我，我也可以饶你一命！”	It's a good idea. If you're going to speak to me and let Joki come to see me, I can spare you a life!
凌霄淡淡的点了点头，神情无比的平静，面对马管事强大的威压，仿佛浑然不觉。	Ling Ling nodded with a faint glance, and the spirit was extremely calm, and in the face of the mighty oppression of the horseman seemed to be completely unconscious.
众人都是哑然失笑。这小子不会是吓傻了吧？他竟然敢威胁马管事？	All the people laughed. Isn't this little boy a fool? Isn't he a threat to the horseman?
众人都是知道马管事的狠辣，之前有人在灵药阁闹事，都是被马管事打断了四肢，废了修为，像个死狗一样扔出了灵药阁。	Everyone knew the cruelty of the horseman's office, and before there had been any mischief in the temple, the horseman's office had cut off his limbs, dismantled them, and cast out the temple like a dead dog.
就算是那些有权有势的高官显贵，面对马管事也是十分客气，只因为马管事的姐姐，是灵药阁副阁主的小妾。	Even those high officials who had the power and dignity were very courteous in the face of the horseman, only because the sister of the horseman was the concubine of the vice-chief of the spiritual cabinet.
纯阳真人平日里不理俗务，所以灵药阁的事情，大部分都是副阁主孙启源在管理。	As a result, most of the work of the temple is under the supervision of the deputy lord of the temple, Sun Kaiyuan.
“小子，你找死！”马管事的脸色瞬间阴沉了下来，眼神中露出了一丝冰冷的杀机，浑身先天罡气鼓荡，一掌朝着凌霄拍来。	Little boy, you're looking for death! The horseman's face suddenly darkened, and a cold killer appeared in his eyes.
他的手掌萦绕着淡淡的黑色光芒，如同铁石一般坚硬，仿佛可以轰碎一切。	His hands were embroidered in a pale black light, as hard as iron stone, as if they could crush everything.
铁砂掌！玄级绝品武学，一掌击出，碎金裂石，若是武者被铁砂掌打中，体内脏腑瞬间就会被刚猛的掌力破碎，神灵难救。	Iron Sand Hands! Gen-class exquisite martial arts, one hand strikes out, breaks gold cracking stones, if the warrior is hit by the Iron Sand Hands, the body's intestines instantly will be crushed by the fierce hand force, the spirit can't save.
马管事这是对凌霄起了杀心，所以一出手就是最得意的铁砂掌。	Managing horses is a killing to Lingyu, so a hand is the best iron and sand hand.
铁砂掌横空而来，蕴藏着丝丝煞气，隐隐有爆鸣之声，瞬间就到了凌霄的面前。	The hand of iron and sand came across the sky, containing the rustle of silk, hidden the sound of explosion, and instantly came before the sky.
在众人的眼中，凌霄就像是傻了一般，呆呆的站在那里，一动不动。	In the eyes of all the people, Liu was as foolish as usual, and stood there and did not move.
甚至有人已经开始不忍了起来，这样一个少年下一刻就要被马管事毙于掌下。	Some have even begun to resist, and such a boy will be killed by the horseman at the next moment.
轰！	Shoot!
但下一刻，想象中凌霄的脑袋被铁砂掌打碎的景象并没有出现，凌霄的手不知道何时抓住了马管事的手臂。	But in the next moment, the image of Ling Yu's head crushed by the iron and sand hand did not appear, Ling Yu's hand does not know when to grasp the arm of the horse manager.
铁砂掌停留在凌霄眉心三寸，但却再也难以前进一分。	The iron and sand palms stayed three inches above the eyebrows, but it was still hard to move a single point.
“什么？！”马管事面色一变，他感觉自己的手臂就像是被一尊力大无穷的凶兽抓住了一般，根本难以挣扎分毫。	What? As the horseman's face changed, he felt his arm as if it had been grasped by an infinitely powerful beast.
咔擦！一道清脆的声响传来，马管事的手臂瞬间被凌霄捏碎了。	A crisp sound came, and the horseman's arm was crushed instantly.
凌霄的神色淡然，而马管事感觉到一股剧痛袭来，面容瞬间就扭曲了起来，惨叫了起来。	Ling Ling's face was pale, and the horseman felt a great pain, and his face twisted in a moment and cried out.
“啊啊啊……我的手！小畜生，我要杀... ，我要杀了你，杀了你啊……”	"""Oh, oh, oh, my hand, little beast, I'm going to kill you, I'm going to kill you, I'm going to kill you."
马管事状若疯狂，面容无比的狰狞，另一只手朝着凌霄拍落下来，浑身强大的先天罡气爆发，如同一道道利剑，将大厅内的青石地面都崩裂了开来。	If the horseman was mad, and had a terrible face, his other hand fell down toward the mountains, and all his mighty forefather's fury burst out, like a sword of Doliath, and the blue stone ground of the hall was torn open.
咔擦！凌霄面色依旧是无比平静，出掌如刀，直接斩在了马管事的另一只手臂上，顿时又是一声脆响，马管事的另一只手臂也耷拉了下来。	There was still an immense calm on the surface of the mountain, and the hand was as sharp as a knife, and it fell directly on the other arm of the horseman, and suddenly there was another crippling sound, and the other arm of the horseman fell down.
轰！凌霄出腿如风，将马管事的膝盖踢得粉碎，马管事扑腾一声跪在了地上，惨嚎了起来。	BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!
马管事的惨叫声如同杀猪一般，响彻整个灵药阁。	The screams of the horseman were like the screams of a pig-killer.
“敢在灵药阁撒野，找死！”顿时有几道强大无比的气息急速掠来，一个个目光淡漠，浑身散发着强大的气息，将凌霄包围了起来。	At once, a few powerful and exceedingly powerful breaths swung through, each with a vague glance, spreading a powerful breath, and surrounded the mountains.
那几个人全都是宗师境的强者，一个个气息深不可测，强大的气机将凌霄锁定了起来，仿佛下一刻就会发动雷霆一击。	All of them were strong men of the sect, each breathing in an unpredictable way, and the powerful aircraft locked up the mountains, as if they were going to launch a thunderbolt at the next moment.
“给我杀了他！杀了这个小畜生啊！”马管事几乎快要疯了，四肢都被凌霄打断了，无比屈辱的跪在地上，口中咳血连连，面色无比的扭曲。	Kill him for me! Kill this little beast! The horseman was almost insane, his limbs were broken, he knelt on the ground in humiliation, his mouth coughing and bleeding, his face twisted.
“我劝你们不要动，否则的话你们的下场恐怕比他好不了多少！”凌霄淡淡的说道，就算是被几大宗师强者围困，神色依旧是很平静。	"""I advise you not to move, or else you will be no better off than him,"" he said, softly, and calmly, even if surrounded by some of the mightiest sects."
那几个原本想要动手的宗师，听到凌霄的话微微一愣，一时间停在了那里。	The few priests who had originally wanted to do it stopped there for a moment when they heard the words of Ling Yue.
“焦木，我来了，你还不滚出来！”凌霄目光中闪过一丝锋芒，鼓荡浑身的气息，口中爆发出了一道强大的雷霆之音，瞬间响彻整个灵药阁。	"""I'm here, Joki, and you're not out yet! "" There was a slight flash of sharpness in the eye, and the breath of the whole body was stirred, and a powerful thunderous sound broke out of his mouth, and instantly it sounded through the entire spiritual chamber."
众人都是神色一怔，随即看向凌霄就像是看傻子一样。	All the people looked at the sky as if they were fools.
这个少年莫非真是存心来闹事的？他打伤了马管事，竟然还不逃走，如此声势非要惊动焦木大师，莫非他就不怕死吗？	Isn't the boy really careful to get into trouble? He has injured the horseman, yet he hasn't escaped, so loud as to scare Master Kogi, isn't he not afraid to die?
而马管事的眼神中则是露出了一丝怨毒之色，反倒没有阻止凌霄了。	And in the eyes of the horseman there was a trace of resentment, on the contrary, did not stop the ride.
等到焦木大师出来，一定要让这个小子死无葬身之地！	Until Master Kogi comes out, make sure the little boy dies without a burial place!
灵药阁，一个密室之中。焦木大师盘坐在一个赤色的丹鼎之前，却显得有些灰头土脸，胡子都有些焦了，身上的白袍出现了几个破洞。	The temple, in a secret room, sat before a red dandelion, with a gray face, a burning beard, and a few holes in his white robe.
眼前的丹鼎，正冒着黑烟，传出了一股糊味！	Dan Ding in front of us, in the smoke of black smoke, spread a smell of dust!
“又失败了！”焦木苦笑了一声，道：“老家伙，这剑心丹乃是古丹方，你给我的丹方还缺了两味灵药，尽管我找到了其他的灵药代替，但却始终像是缺了些什么！我已也没有什么好办法！”	You've failed again, said Joki, laughing bitterly, old man, this sword-hearted Dan is the old Dan, and you've missed two of my medicines, though I've found other medicines to replace them, but it's always like something's missing! I've got no better way!
在焦木的对面，盘坐着一个满脸沧桑的中年人，长发飘扬，看起来潇洒不羁，面容清雅不凡，一看就知道年轻的时候也是一个美男子。他身后背负着一柄古剑，眸子清亮，隐隐有一丝锋利的剑芒散发开来。	A middle-aged man, who had long hair, and looked elegant, and had a fine face, sat on the table opposite the wood, and it was clear that he was a beautiful man when he was young, and behind him was an old sword, and his eyes were clear, and there was a sharp sword spreading out.
听到焦木大师的话，中年人也是眼神一暗，苦笑着道：“这几天我们已经失败了上百次了，看来这剑心丹和我真的无缘啊！罢罢罢，老友，这也不能怪你，看来是上天要绝我天人之路啊！”	"The middle-aged man, too, when he heard Master Kogi's words, looked dark and laughed bitterly, ""We've failed hundreds of times these days, and it seems to me that this Swordsman and I have no connection!"
说完，中年人抓起腰间的一个酒葫芦，狠狠灌了一口美酒，掩饰心中的苦闷。	At last, the middle-aged man grabbed a bush of wine between his waist, and poured out a cup of fine wine, concealing the sadness of his heart.
</CHAPTER>	</CHAPTER>
</BOOK>	</BOOK>
"<BOOK id=""18"">"	"<BOOK id=""18"">"
"<CHAPTER id=""60"">"	"<CHAPTER id=""60"">"
第四十二章 高手	Chapter 42 Masters
万象楼一楼，滕青山抱刀而立，根本不看那些护卫。	On the first floor of the Pantheon, Ten Xiang stood with his sword, and did not look at the guards.
咚，咚……	Doo, doo...
其中一名护卫迅速地上楼去通报这万象楼的楼主了。万象楼一共有三层，一层和二层摆放着众多柜台，唯有第三层禁止外人进入。这万象楼楼梯扶手旁的第一间屋子，就是楼主平常呆的地方。	One of the guards rushed to the ground floor to inform the owner of the mansion. There were three floors of the mansion, one and two of which contained numerous counters, and only the third floor prevented the outsiders from entering. The first room next to the staircase was the place where the owner used to stay.
“师叔！师叔！”那年轻护卫冲进去。	Uncle! Uncle! The young guard rushed in.
“大呼小叫，像什么样子。”在屋内，正有一名白袍儒雅中年人挥洒泼墨，画着画儿。	There was a middle-aged Confucian in a white robe, and he was drawing a painting with ink.
“师叔，楼下来了一个高手，看起来，是一个非常狠的主儿。”那护卫连道。	"""Uncle, there's a great man downstairs, and he seems to be a very cruel master,"" said the guard."
“高手？”这儒雅中年人眉头微皱，放下画笔，看向那护卫，“说的详细点。”	The Confucian middle-aged man wrinkled his eyebrows, put down his pen, and looked at the guard, and said, Tell me more.
那护卫仔细说道：“就在刚才，这名刀客不愿意卸下兵器，直接将门口的两位师妹给震飞。而且对我们诸师兄弟，不屑一顾。我们不敢擅自做主。而且他也说，有大事找师叔你。所以……”	"The guard carefully said, ""Just now, the swordsman refused to remove his weapons, and sent the two sisters to the door, and to our brethren, and we did not dare to be lords of ourselves; and he also said, It is important to seek your uncle."
“别乱来。”儒雅中年人连道，“你们练内劲十数年，经验少，对付一般人还成。对付那些狠辣的高手，还差的远。你去请他上来。你让你们大师兄和二师兄，也一同上来。”	"""Don't be disturbed,"" said the middle-aged Confucius. ""You have been trained for ten years, and little experience, to deal with the common man. To deal with the mighty masters is far away. Go and invite him, and let your masters and your two brothers come with you."
“是，师叔。”这护卫立即退下。	"""Yes, uncle,"" the guard said."
儒雅中年人心底疑惑的很：“不知道哪来的人物，不过，还是先看看再说。”万象门没有一统天下的野心，可是他们的‘万象楼’却开遍了整个九州各个城，根据城池大小，店铺规模，高手数量也不等。	"Confucius, the middle-aged man, was very suspicious: ""I don't know which man is there, but let's look at it first and say it again.The universal gates have no ambition of the whole world, but their ""universe buildings"" are spread throughout all the cities of Kyushu, according to the size of the city pond, the size of the shops, and the number of masters does not matter."
像万象楼，只有这位楼主，才是万象门的核心弟子，后天巅峰高手。	Like the Tower of the Elephant, only the owner of the building, is the core disciple of the Gate of the Elephant, the master of the peak in the future.
万象门整个门派的过半人力，都分散到九州大地的各个万象楼中去。也因为万象门太富有，这招人手也简单。	More than half of the manpower of the whole branch of the Pantheon was dispersed into all the Pantheon buildings in Kyushu. Because the Pantheon was too rich, it was easy to attract people.
“咚，咚……”脚步声响起。	"""Bow, bow..."" the footsteps rang."
一名看似年轻的刀客同两名护卫，一同走了进来，这刀客目光一扫便锁定坐在书桌旁的儒雅中年人。	A seemingly young knifeman, accompanied by two guards, came in, and the knifeman closed his eyes to Confucius, a middle-aged man sitting by the desk.
观察来人步伐、眼神、气质，这位识人无数的楼主瞬间有了自己判断：“这是一个杀伐果断的主儿，气势凌厉，这刀法估计同样凌厉，应该是位实力很强的高手。”这楼主很清楚，不同的经历，会使人产生不同的气质。	"Watching people's paces, eyes, and temperaments, the owner, who knows countless people, instantly made his own judgement: ""This is the master of the endless slaughter, and his temperament is strong, and this knife method estimates it to be equally strong, and he should be a very strong master."
比如，有钱的富豪常被人恭维，谈笑气度都不同。	For example, rich rich people are often admired and laugh differently.
而没实力的人，敢像滕青山这样，在万象楼耍威风？恐怕被一群内劲高手围着，估计心底就打鼓，神态都不一样。	And those who have no power, who dare, like Tianxiangshan, to play the magic in the Pantheon? I'm afraid, surrounded by a group of inner-powered masters, estimate the heart drums, the spirits are different.
而高手这么做，那不是耍威风，而是高手风范！	And the master does this, it's not to play the wind, but the master wind model!
没实力的人敢不卸下兵器，还嚣张，恐怕会被打断手脚扔出去。而高手不卸下兵器，万象楼却还要热情招待。	Those who have no power dare not unload their weapons, and are angry, and are afraid that they will be thrown out with their hands and feet cut off. And those who are good at unloading their weapons, the Pantheon is warmly welcomed.
同样一件事情，不同人做，那结果截然不同。	Same thing, different people do, different results.
“在下万象门霍言！”这儒雅的中年人拱手说道。	淚'll tell you,?said the middle-aged Confucian arch-handedly.
“秦狼！”滕青山说道，前世自己弟弟叫‘秦洪’，自己在黑暗世界杀手代号为‘狼’，滕青山也就编了这个假名——秦狼。	"""The wolf of Qin,"" said Tianxiang, his brother of the previous generation, ""Qin Hong,"" and the name of the killer in the dark world, ""the wolf,"" which Tianxiang coined, ""the wolf of Qin."""
这万象楼楼主霍言脑中迅速搜索一下，却没搜索到有秦狼这么个人物，不过九州大地上厉害人物无数，这霍言也不敢怠慢，笑着道：“宜城小地方，难得遇到一个高手，秦狼兄，请坐。”	"A quick search in the mind of the owner of the building, Hogon, did not find such a personality as Qin Wolves, but there are so many powerful people in the whole of Kyushu, and the Hogon did not hesitate, laughing, ""It's hard to meet a master, Qin Wolves brother, please sit down."""
滕青山这才露出一丝笑容，大马金刀地直接坐下。	It was only with a smile that Tengxiang Mountain sat down with a knife.
“宜城这地方，的确难遇到内劲高手。不过……万象门不愧是大门派，不少贵重物品放在那，让这些个初出茅庐的弟子就去看守，这份胆色，佩服。”滕青山脸上也露出笑容，简单说道。	"""It is hard to meet masters of the inner spirit in this place of Yicheng,"" he said, ""but... the Great Gate is worthy of the Great Gate School, and there are many precious objects in it, so that the first disciples who came out of Mao Lu can see and admire it,"" he said with a smile."
那两名护卫面色微变，却没敢出声。	The two guards changed their faces, but did not dare to speak.
霍言轻笑道：“这些弟子，只是让他们历练而已。这天下间，各位高手一般还是给我们万象门几分薄面的。”	"Hog laughed, ""These disciples are just trained, and in this world, the masters are usually a little thin for us."
这时候，侍女也奉上了茶。	At this time, the maid also served tea.
“不知，秦狼兄，到我万象楼有什么事？”霍言说道。	"""I don't know, brother Qin wolf, what's going on in my mansion,"" said Hogon."
滕青山直接从怀里取出万年寒铁，砰的一声，放在低矮茶几上，淡笑说道：“我在天下间闯荡，磨练刀术，前不久，碰巧在一险地，得到这一块万年寒铁！所以，想和你们万象楼做一笔交易！”	"Mt. Tengxiang took the thousand-year-old cold iron straight out of his chest, banged it on a low teapot, and said with a smile, ""I've been roaming the world, practicing swordsmanship, and I happened to get this thousand-year-old cold iron in an accident not long ago! So, I want to make a deal with you all!"
“万年寒铁？紫光寒铁？”那霍言心中一颤，连仔细辨别，还特意用手罩住，看光晕。	淚t'll be cold forever??and purple?and cold?the Hogon trembled in his heart, and looked faintly at it, and covered his hands with care.
“果然，果然是万年寒铁，这重量也对！”霍言手里感受一下沉甸甸的重量，而后更是用内劲猛地一震，这万年寒铁一点损伤都没有。这霍言便完全确定这块石头，的确是万年寒铁。	"""Yes, yes, it is a thousand-year-old cold iron, and the weight is right!"" Hogon felt the weight of the earth in his hand, and afterwards he shook it with a violent blow, and the thousand-year-old cold iron was not injured at all."
这霍言瞥了一眼滕青山不由心底忖道：“这个秦狼，万年寒铁这等宝贝就这么随意拿出来。果然是艺高人胆大！”	"The Hogon took a glance at Mt. Teng and thought in his heart, ""This Qin wolf, cold iron for a thousand years, has taken such a baby so casually. It's a high-ranking man's courage!"
一般人有这等宝物，藏着还来不及。	The common man has this kind of treasure and can't hide it.
霍言是见过，有一些人到万象楼卖宝贝，会耍很多心计，就担心被人抢夺宝物似的。可真正高手却不在乎，因为高手自信！	I've seen Hogman, some people who go to the Wal-Mart to sell the treasures, and play a lot of tricks, and worry about being robbed of the treasures. But the real masters don't care, because the masters are confident!
你敢伸手抢，我就能斩断你的手，再拿回宝贝！	If you reach out and grab, I'll cut off your hand and bring back the baby!
“而且万年寒铁这等宝物，是在极寒区域才会诞生。在那北海，能得到万年寒铁的，一般也是高手。这秦狼，说是在一险地得到。嗯，孕养万年寒铁的地方，当然是险地。看来，这个年轻刀客，实力很强。”霍言很清楚，不能从外表来判断人实力。	"""And the treasure of the eternal iron was born only in the coldest regions of the world. In the North Sea, it is usually the best to get the eternal iron. This Qin wolf is said to have got it at a risk. Well, it is a risk to conceive the eternal iron. It seems that this young swordsman is very strong."
因为内劲高手不显老，看似二十岁的年轻人，很可能三四十了。	Because the master of inner strength is not old, seemingly twenty-year-old youth, probably thirty-four years old.
比如他霍言，看似四十岁，实际上却六十多了。	He, for example, seems to be 40, but in fact he is more than 60.
“秦狼兄，这的确是万年寒铁，不知道，你要什么样的价？”霍言说道，此话一出，那两名站在一旁的护卫相视一眼，显然有些眼热了。	"""Brother Qin wolf, this is indeed a thousand-year-old cold iron, I don't know what you're going to pay for it,"" said Hog, and as soon as the word came out, the two guards who were standing by looked at each other, and it was evident that their eyes were a little hot."
“出价？”滕青山轻笑一声，看向霍言，“紫光寒铁乃是炼制兵器重宝，我会拿来换银子？”	'A price?' said Tianxiang with a smile, looking at Ho, 'The purple and cold iron is a precious weapon, and I will bring it for the silver.'
霍言尴尬一笑。	Howard smiled embarrassedly.
“我不卖，只换！”滕青山看着霍言。	"""I'm not selling, I'm changing,"" he said."
“不知道换什么宝贝？”霍言询问道。	"""I don't know what to change,"" asked Hog."
“星纹钢！”滕青山说道，“我这万年寒铁，有七斤二两重。我准备换110斤星纹钢。当然，万年寒铁远不止这个价格，差价，你们用黄金或者银票来补。”滕青山说的非常干脆。	"""Star-cut steel,"" said Mt. Teng, ""I have seven kilograms twice as much as 10,000-year-old cold iron. I am going to exchange for 110 kilograms of star-cut steel. Of course, 10,000-year-old cold iron is much more than this price, less, and you can replace it with gold or silver tickets,"" said Mt. Teng."
霍言沉吟道：“七斤二两……我万象楼可以换给你110斤星纹钢，外加500两扬盐的金票！秦狼兄，你认为这个价格怎么样？”	"""I'll give you 110 kilos of starboard steel, plus a gold ticket of 500 kilos of salt,"" Ho said. ""What do you think of this price, brother Qin and Wolf?"""
按照一斤紫光寒铁二十斤黄金的价格。霍言给的价格，要高不少。	According to the price of a pound of purple cold iron twenty pound of gold. The price given by Hogon is much higher.
“这万年寒铁，可比那星纹钢贵重的多，有价无市！你给的价，低了些吧。”滕青山淡笑道。	"""This thousand years of cold iron is more expensive than that star-cut steel, and it's priceless!"
万年寒铁，无坚不摧，这种特性，许多内劲高手都梦寐以求有这样的兵器。既然有价无市，那万年寒铁，真实成交价，一斤紫光寒铁，应该远超二十斤黄金。而且星纹钢在万象楼的卖价是‘一两星纹钢一两黄金’，那万象楼的进货成本，星纹钢是要比黄金便宜些的。	A thousand-year-old cold iron, unbreakable, that is the characteristic of which many inner-powered masters dream of having such a weapon. Since it is priceless, a thousand-year-old cold iron, the true bargain price, a pound of purple cold iron, should be well above twenty pound of gold. And star-cut steel is sold at a thousand-year-old building at the price of 'one or two star-cut steel, one or two gold', and star-cut steel is cheaper than gold for the purchase cost of the thousand-year-old building.
“这……”霍言略微一迟疑，而后一咬牙，“110斤星纹钢，外加600两扬盐的金票。这是我所能报出的最高价。”	"""This............................................................"
“很好。”滕青山点头，“不过，这金票，还请兑换成金条。我不喜欢用金票。”	"""That's good,"" said Tianxiangshan, nodding, ""but I don't like the gold ticket, please, and convert it into gold bars."
“这没问题。”霍言说道，去钱庄兑换时候，需要交纳的一点储存费用，万象楼还没斤斤计较到那个地步，“不过，秦狼兄，你也应该明白，这在宜城的万象楼，是没有这么多星纹钢存货的。”	"""That's fine,"" said Hog, ""but, brother Qin, you should also understand that there aren't so many starboard stores in the Great Elephant Building in Yicheng."
“这点我懂。”滕青山淡笑道，“你要多长时间，准备好？”	"""I understand that,"" said Tian Zhongshan, smiling softly. ""How long are you going to be ready?"
“我马上派人，连夜到三百里外的江宁郡，明天这个时候，定能准备好。”霍言说道。	"""I'll send people right away, even to Jiangning County, three hundred miles away at night, and I'll be ready by this time tomorrow,"" said Hogon."
“你这，可有地方住下。我就在你这等。”滕青山淡笑道。	You are here, but there is a place to live. I'll wait for you.
那两名护卫相视一眼，心底暗自佩服。敢大胆在万象楼住下，不怕万象楼暗地里杀人掠货，的确是艺高人胆大。	The two guards looked at each other and admired each other deeply. It was indeed a daring man to live under a mansion, and not to be afraid to kill and plunder goods in the darkness of a mansion.
“那没问题。”霍言笑道，“这万年寒铁，秦狼兄还是你保管。明天这个时候，我们再交易。”	"""That's all right,"" said Hog, laughing, ""this is a thousand years of cold iron, and you'll keep it. We'll trade again at this time tomorrow."
万象楼的后面，还有大的庭院，以及大量的屋宅。万象楼的护卫们、侍女以及霍言楼主，都是居住在这。滕青山也被安排在布置非常精致的一间屋子内。如果是大的客栈中，这等屋子，绝对是天字号屋子。	Behind the palace there was a large garden and a large number of houses. The guards of the palace, the maids, and the lords of the Hogons lived there. Mt. Tengxiang was also arranged in a very finely furnished house. If it were a large inn, it would certainly be a house of the letter Tian.
傍晚时分，万象楼已经关门。	By evening, the building was closed.
在万象楼后面空旷的庭院内，不少护卫正在这切磋武艺。	In the open courtyard behind the Elephant Tower, many guards are consulting the martial arts.
“秦狼兄，你看，他们的剑术如何？”霍言和滕青山二人并肩站在走廊上。	"""Brother Wolverine of Qin, look, what is their swordsmanship?"" Hogon and Tianxiang stood side by side in the corridor."
滕青山看了一眼，笑道：“万象门的剑术很是不凡，我也曾见过万象门高手动手，那剑术快如闪电，迅捷凌厉。而这些弟子的剑术，徒具其形，无其意！估计，没经过真正的生死磨练。”	"Mt. Ten-cheung looked at it and laughed, ""The swordsmanship of the Pantheon is extraordinary, and I have seen the masters of the Pantheon do it, and the swordsmanship of these disciples is like a lightning bolt, and fast and sharp, and the swordsmanship of these disciples, as it were, is unthinkable!"
那些男男女女们，看向滕青山的目光中都隐含一丝不忿。	The men and women, looking at Mt. Ten, had a little wrath in their eyes.
年轻人都很傲气，被人如此评价，他们怎么能满意？	How can young people be satisfied when they are so arrogant and so judged?
“秦狼兄，不如略微指点一下这些后进晚辈如何？”霍言笑道。	"""Brother Qin wolf, why don't you point a little at these later generations,"" Ho said, laughing."
“很久没活动筋骨了。”滕青山轻笑着走下走廊，滕青山也不想今天晚上出现一些毛贼，干脆现在先露一手。	"""It's been a long time since I've been active,"" he said, smiling as he walked down the corridor. ""I don't want any hair thieves tonight, so I'll just put my hand on it."
为首的那名护卫大师兄拱手道：“请。”	The guardian master, who was in charge, raised his hand and said, Please.
“你们一起上吧。”滕青山淡然道。	"""Let's go together,"" said Tianxiang softly."
那些师兄弟们脸色大变，这个‘秦狼’竟然如此猖狂！在走廊上的霍言却是神色一变，随即朗声笑道：“秦狼兄指点的机会，错过了可不再有，就好好向秦狼兄讨教吧，输了也不丢人。”	"The teachers' faces were changed, and the 'Qin Wolf' was so wild! The hallway was filled with hogs, and straight away he laughed, ""If you miss the chance to point out something, but there is no more, talk to the Qin Wolf, and you won't lose or lose."
“看剑。”中午曾被滕青山撞飞的一名年轻少女，心底早就一肚子气，直接一声叱喝，第一个持剑便是飞身直刺向滕青山。那名大师兄同时跟上，手中长剑竟然幻化出三道剑影，罩住滕青山头部。	"""Look at the sword. A young girl who had been hit by the sword in the middle of the day, and had already had a stomach, immediately scolded, the first with the sword was to fly directly to the sword. The master brother followed at the same time, and the long sword in his hand made three shadows of swords, covering the head of the sword."
二人联手一击。	The two of them hit together.
滕青山站在原地，看着两柄长剑刺来，目光一凝，右手如闪电。	Standing on the ground, Tianxiang Mountain looked at the two long swords struck, his eyes fixed, his right hand like a flash of lightning.
锵！锵！清脆的两声，两柄长剑同时被弹飞了，跌落在地。	Two crisp voices, two long swords shot at the same time and fell to the ground.
那少女和那名大师兄，右手都发颤着，震惊看向滕青山。周围见到这一幕的师兄弟姐妹们，更是目瞪口呆。大师兄是他们中最厉害的，那少女同样是内劲高手。对方竟然不拔刀，靠手指就弹飞了利剑。	The girl and the master's brother, shaking with their right hands, looked up at Mt. Tengxiang in shock, and the brothers and sisters who saw the scene around them were astonished. The master's brother was the strongest of them, and the girl was also a master of inner strength.
何等强的指力！何等强的眼力！	What a strong finger! What a strong eye!
“刺剑，心不定，手都不稳，还想杀敌？你现在，还不需要练习繁复的剑术，每天刺剑一千下，是最基本的。”滕青山瞥了一眼那少女，随即看向那大师兄，“至于你，基础先打牢再说，劲力分散到三道剑影上，唯一的后果是，三道剑影威力都弱！对实力比你弱的，你不用这一招也能赢。而比你强的，一眼就看出这剑法虚实。”	"You don't need to practise the usual swordsmanship any more, and to sword a thousand times a day is the most basic thing.Ten Zhongshan glanced at the girl, and immediately looked at the master's brother, ""As for you, the basis is, first and foremost, that the power is dispersed into the three swords, and the only consequence is that the power of the three swords is weak; and if you are weaker than you, you can win without this trick; and if you are stronger than you, you can see that the sword is false."
这群年轻男女们眼睛发亮，有些崇拜的看着滕青山，仔细地听着这一些评价指点。他们只是万象门外围弟子，平常难得得到高手指点。在他们眼里，他们已经将滕青山当成一个超级高手。比他们师傅还强的高手。	The young men and women had bright eyes, some admiringly looking at Tianjinshan, listening carefully to the points of assessment. They were just the disciples around the door, usually hard to get high finger points. In their eyes, they had already regarded Tianjinshan as a super-master, a master stronger than their master.
不拔刀，靠手指就弹飞两剑，这份实力，绝对是后天巅峰。	Don't pull a knife, just shoot two swords with your fingers, this power, absolutely the top of the day.
滕青山前世就是形意宗师，今生，在十岁前就达到人枪合一境界。比这些没经历多少血腥的男女们，不知道强多少。	The ancients of Tianxiang Mountain were the Masters of Shape, and in this lifetime, at the age of ten, they reached the boundary of the unity of guns. They are no more powerful than those men and women who have not experienced much blood.
“哈哈，秦狼兄的指法，简单迅捷，却很是厉害。真不知道，秦狼兄的刀法又是何等的凌厉啊。”那霍言大笑着，“能结识秦狼兄，我霍言也开心的很，宴席已经准备好，我定要和秦狼兄，好好喝上几杯。”	I don't know what the swordsman's swordsman's swordman's swordman's swordman's swordman's swordman's swordman's swordman's swordman's swordman's swordman's swordman's swordman's swordman's swordman's swordman's swordman's swordman's swordman's swordman's swordman's swordman's swordman's swordman's swordman's swordman's swordman's swordman's swordman's swordman's swordman's swordman's swordman's swordman's swordman's swordman's swordman's
滕青山笑着，也和霍言一同走开，只留下那一群年轻男女们议论纷纷，惊叹不已。	The mountain laughed, and went away with Hogon, leaving only a group of young men and women who were stunned by the debate.
</CHAPTER>	</CHAPTER>
</BOOK>	</BOOK>
"<BOOK id=""1"">"	"<BOOK id=""1"">"
"<CHAPTER id=""51"">"	"<CHAPTER id=""51"">"
第五十一章 铁饭碗	Chapter 51 Iron Bowl
虽说公务员和事业单位都是逢进必考，但是某些特殊的岗位，招收有特殊技能的人才，也并不是必须要考试的。比如公立大学、公立医院、科研机构这种地方，招收高水平的人才、学术性的人才或者是学科带头人，不仅会帮助他们解决编制，还会赠送住房、帮助配偶安排工作、帮助子女转学等等。	Although civil servants and institutions are required to take examinations, it is not necessary to take examinations for special skills in certain special positions. For example, in places like public universities, public hospitals and research institutions, the recruitment of high-level talents, academic talents or academic leaders will not only help them cope with their recruitment, but will also provide housing, help their spouses arrange work, help their children re-enter school, and so on.
体育教练也是一种有特殊技能的人才，省体工大队每年都会有那种不需要考试的编制，用来引进优秀的人才。而且省体工大队隶属于省体育局，省体工大队的教练也算是省级事业单位的编制，比起县市级的显然要高一层次。	Sports coaches are also a kind of talent with special skills, and every year there is a kind of formation that does not require exams to bring in excellent talent. And the departmental bodywork team belongs to the departmental sports bureau, and the coaches of the departmental bodywork team are also a formation of provincial institutions, which is obviously higher than the county city level.
徐忠义说他有能力运作体工大队的编制，倒也不是无的放矢。可能有很多人觉得当一个体育教练，无权无势，是一个很没有前途的工作，但实际上并非如此，特别是到了主教练这一级别，可以独当一面，亲自决策时很多事情的时候，手中握有的权力远比表面看起来多得多。这一点想想国家队的那些教练住豪宅开名车，大体就能知道。	Xu said he was able to run the team and he was not a bully. Many people may think that being a sports coach with no power and no power is a very promising job, but in fact it is not. Especially at the head coach level, when you can be on your own and make decisions on your own, you have much more power in your hands than you seem to have on the surface.
徐忠义是省游泳队的主教练，更培养出了于菲菲这种世界纪录保持者。放眼全国的运动员，世界纪录保持者也是屈指可数，平均下来好几个省才能出一个世界纪录。也因此徐忠义在整个汉北省的教练当中，算是金字塔顶端的存在，在省体工大队中，徐忠义也拥有不小的话语权。	Xu is the head coach of the provincial swimming team, more developed from the world record holder such as Fife. In the eyes of the national athletes, the world record holder is also countable, on average several provinces can make a world record. Therefore, Xu is the top of the pyramid among the coaches of the whole Han and Northern provinces, and in the provincial bodywork team, Xu also has no small speaking power.
徐忠义的话语权虽然不至于可以直接拿到一个正式的编制，但却可以向上级推荐人才。若是换成别的教练去推荐，或许不会得到重视，但徐忠义的亲自推荐，那效果就完全不同了，因为徐忠义培养出于菲菲这种世界顶级的运动员，已经证明了徐忠义的眼光，所以徐忠义所推荐的人才，自然也会让人高看一眼。	Although Xu may not be able to directly get a formal establishment, but he can recommend talents to a higher level. If he was to be recommended to another coach, it might not be appreciated, but Xu's personal recommendation, the effect is completely different, because Xu's training from the world's top athletes such as Fife, has proved Xu's eyesight, so Xu's recommended talents, of course, can be looked up.
这可以看做是一种江湖地位。就比如写网络小说的，如果能够获得一位顶级大神的章推，读者和其他的作者都会高看你一眼；可若是给你写章推的是个没名气的作者，谁会理你！	For example, if you write a novel on the Internet, the readers and other writers will look up to you if you get a chapter by a top-notch god; but if you get a chapter by an unpopular writer, who will take care of you!
徐忠义知道，如果不是李戴的话，于菲菲的职业生涯可能就毁掉了。为了还李戴一个人情，徐忠义也是尽心尽力的去操办编制的事情，他找了不少的关系，不久之后，徐忠义就得到了一个好消息，他的推荐已经得到了省体育局一位分管副局长的重视。	He knew that if he hadn't been Li Dae, his career in Fife might have been ruined. In order to give Li Dae a personal touch, Xu was also working hard to organize, and he found a lot of connections. Soon afterwards, Xu got a good news, and his recommendation had already received the attention of a deputy director of the Provincial Sports Bureau.
第二天，徐忠义在省体育局见到了这位副局长。	The next day, Xu Chung Yi met the deputy director at the provincial sports bureau.
“老徐，你的眼光我还是信得过的，不过这个叫李戴的小伙子，也真的有些太年轻了吧！简历上说他去年才刚刚毕业啊！”这位副局长开口说道。	I can still believe your eyes, Mr. Xu, but this guy, Mr. Li Dae, is really a little too young! The resume says he just graduated last year, said the deputy director.
“局长，正是因为年轻，才要赶紧的把他给挖过来，年轻人可塑性强，值得培养嘛。当年于菲菲也是这样，从5岁起跟着我训练，14岁就拿到了世界冠军了。”徐忠义话音顿了顿，接着说道：“而且据我所知，这个李戴不是通过正规的招聘手续进入到体育大学的，而是陈跃进教练亲自从渔州市带来的。陈跃进教练看中的人，肯定不会是无能之辈。”	"""It's because he's young,"" he said, ""that's why I'm going to dig him up. He's plastic, and he's worth training. That's what happened in Fife, where he trained with me from the age of five until he won the world championship at the age of 14."" ""And as far as I know, this Lee Dae didn't come to the gymnasium through formal recruitment procedures, but he came to the gymnasium himself from Fishing City."
副局长默默的点了点头，他也是认识陈跃进的，能够被陈跃进看中，直接从渔州市带到清城市，这也说明了李戴是有能力的，而且徐忠义也亲自推荐，这更是帮李戴加了一笔极重的筹码。	The deputy director nodded silently, and he also knew Chen Yuan-in, who was able to be seen by Chen Yuan-in, to take him directly from the fishing city to Qing City, which showed that Li Dae was capable, and Xu忠义 also personally recommended, which helped Li Dae to add an enormous stake.
副局长沉默了几秒钟，开口问道；“我看你这份简历上写着，李戴的特长是‘保持体重’，这是什么意思？”	"The deputy secretary paused for a few seconds and asked, ""I see on your resume, what does it mean that Lee Dae's special feature is to keep in weight?"
“是帮助运动员保持体重。”徐忠义犹豫两三秒，随后向前探了探身子，开口说道：“局长，关于这件事，我必须得详细的向您汇报一下。前些天网上说于菲菲要被国家队给开除了，这件事您知道吧？”	"It's to help the athlete keep his weight. After hesitating for a few seconds, Xu looked forward and said, ""Sir, I have to report to you in detail on this matter. You know that the Internet said that Fife was to be expelled from the national team a few days ago?"
“我知道，不是一个谣言么，咱们也开了新闻发布会澄清了，还是你亲自主持的。”副局长点头说道。	"""I know it's not a rumour,"" said the deputy director. ""We've also held a press conference to clarify the matter, or you've presided over it yourself."
徐忠义压低了声音：“那个不是谣言，严格的说不全是谣言，其中有一部分是事实。”	"""That's not a rumour, strictly speaking, it's not all a rumour, and some of it is a fact,"" Xu said."
“什么意思？”副局长皱着眉头问。	"""What do you mean,"" the deputy director asked, frowning."
“关于体重的事情是真的，于菲菲的体重的确是一度达到了70公斤，而且就连国家队也束手无策。就是这个李戴，短时间内让于菲菲减了15斤！我们才敢让于菲菲现场称体重的。他对保持运动员的体重非常在行。”徐忠义再次向前探了探身子，接着说道：“事后我跟国家队主教练霍东来联系过，才知道就在我们开新闻发布会的时候，游泳管理中心也在开会，他们讨论的议题就是要不要将于菲菲开除出国家队！”	"""It's true about weight, the weight of Fife once reached 70 kg, and even the national team can't help it. This is Li Dae, who reduced Fife's weight by 15 kg in a short period of time! We didn't dare let Fife claim the weight on the spot. He's very good at keeping the weight of the athlete,"" Xu said, looking forward again. ""Afterwards, I contacted the national team's head coach, Hodong, and found out that just as we were holding a press conference, the swimming management center was also meeting, and they were discussing the issue of not getting Fife out of the national team!"
“事情已经到了这么严重地步了！”副局长倒吸了一口冷气：“于菲菲是咱们省走出去的招牌运动员，全省可就这么一个世界记录保持者，她还不到20岁，要是被退回来的话，那可就闹了大笑话了。”	"The deputy secretary took a cold breath and said, ""She's one of the top athletes in our province, and she's a world record holder in the province, and she's less than 20 years old, and if she gets back, it'll be a big joke."
徐忠义接着说道：“还好有李戴，他帮助于菲菲成功减肥，否则可就真的麻烦了。国家队的霍教练还跟我打听，是怎么让于菲菲瘦下来的，我当时没有告诉他有关李戴的事情，就是怕李戴被国家队给挖走了。”	"""It's good to have Li Dae, who helped Fife lose weight, or it's going to be a real problem,"" added Xu. Coach Ho of the national team also talked to me about how he got Fife to lose weight, and I didn't tell him anything about Li Dae at the time, just because I was afraid that Li Dae would be taken away by the national team."
徐忠义这么说，也是故意制造一种假象，让副局长觉得李戴是个抢手货，如果省体工队不要的话，国家队就会把李戴给领走。	Thus Xu said, it was also intentional to create a fake to make the deputy director think that Li Dae was a robbery, and if the bodyguard team did not, the national team would take Li Dae away.
副局长仿佛也是感受到了一丝的紧迫感，只见他开口说道：“让于菲菲减肥，国家队那么多专家教练都做不到的事情，竟然让一个年轻的教练给做到了，看起来这个年轻的教练是个人才，值得我们培育，局里今年也还有人才引进的名额。这样吧，简历我先留下，等到下周一开党委会的时候，我把这件事提出来，和局里的各位领导一起讨论一下。”	"The deputy director seemed to feel a sense of urgency as well, when he opened his mouth and said, ""Let him lose weight, something so many of the national team's specialist coaches can't do, and let a young coach do it. It looks like this young coach is a talent worthy of our cultivation, and there are other talents on the roster this year as well. So, I'll leave my resume, and I'll bring it to the committee meeting next Monday and discuss it with all the leaders on the roster."
听到这句话，徐忠义心中顿时踏实了很多，推荐李戴的事情一旦真的被提到局党委会上的话，那这个编制算是有八成的概率能拿到手了。	When he heard this, Xu Zhong Yi immediately became very firm in his heart, and recommended Li Dae's thing once it was really mentioned at the meeting of the Bureau Party Committee, then there is an 80 percent chance that the preparation will get to the hand.
李戴正躺着床上用手机看网络小说，一个来电却突然出现在手机的屏幕上。	Li Dae was lying on her bed watching a novel on the Internet on her cell phone, when a call came on the screen.
“是徐忠义教练打来的。”李戴急忙接起了手机。	"""It's coach Xu忠义,"" Lee said. He quickly picked up the phone."
“李老弟，告诉你一个好消息，你的事情，老哥我算是给你办成了！有编制的岗位！下周一你带着你的身份证和学位证，来省体育局报道！”徐忠义开口说。	"""Li, brother-in-law, I've got some good news for you, brother-in-law. I've got a job for you! Next Monday you'll bring your ID card and your degree and report to the Ministry of Sports,"" Xu said."
“太好了！谢谢徐教练！”李戴一骨碌从床上爬起来，“有编制”这三个字，实在是太令李戴振奋了，这意味着他从此以后要捧上铁饭碗了。	"Great! Thank you, Coach Xu! Li Dae climbed up from his bed, and the three words ""made up"" really excited Li Dae, which meant that he would devote the iron bowl from now on."
电话另一端，徐忠义接着说道：“这次给你的是一个体能教练的编制，所以在分配的时候范围会比较的广泛，我也不知道你具体会分到哪个训练队里。不过我相信凭你的本事，在哪个训练队都没有问题！”	"At the other end of the phone, Xu said, ""This time you have a team of physical trainers, so the range of assignments will be more extensive, and I don't know exactly which team you will be assigned to, but I believe that, based on your work, there will be no problem in which team!"""
</CHAPTER>	</CHAPTER>
</BOOK>	</BOOK>
"<BOOK id=""30"">"	"<BOOK id=""30"">"
"<CHAPTER id=""60"">"	"<CHAPTER id=""60"">"
第六十节 开始了么？	Has Section 60 begun?
和上次游戏不同，这次那老头用的是挑战这个词。游戏和挑战肯定不一样，但是两者之间的区别又是什么呢？值得仔细推敲。	Unlike the last game, the old man used the word challenge this time. The game and challenge are certainly different, but what is the difference between the two?
还有，“箭鱼数七”，这应该表示的是程度，也应该是挑战难度。	Also, the number seven of arrows should indicate the degree and the difficulty of the challenge.
他仔细回想刚才那段时间里的每个细节。	He reflected carefully on every detail of that moment.
当自己靠近的时候，那群箭鱼一下子停下来。也就是说，这群箭鱼有一定的感知范围，只有进入它们的感知范围，才会激发所谓的挑战。	When they approached, the arrowfish stopped at once. That is to say, the arrowfish had a certain sensitivity, and only by entering their sensitivity could they trigger the so-called challenge.
随后，那群箭鱼没有一哄而上。一开始只有一条箭鱼朝自己冲过来。而当自己闪躲过之后，第二条箭鱼冲上来了，自己又躲了过去，第三条箭鱼……	At first there was only one arrow that fled towards it, and when it fled, the second arrow fled, and it fled again, and the third arrow fled, and the second arrow fled, and the third arrow fled.
一直等自己的被箭鱼尖尖的脑袋刺中。	Always waiting to be stabbed in the head by a sharp arrowfish.
所有的因素结合起来，陈暮的脑海中终于有了一个大致的概念。这是一个挑战，是一个闪躲类的挑战，应该是一个闪躲箭鱼攻击的游戏。第一次只会有一条箭鱼，如果闪躲过了，第二条箭鱼便会冲上来……一直等到你无法坚持下去，主动退出箭鱼的感应范围。	All these factors combined, Chen's brain finally had a general idea. It's a challenge, it's a glitch type challenge, it should be a glitch arrow attack game. First there's only one arrow, if it glides, the second arrow will jump up... until you can't keep up, and then you'll step out of the arrow's sensory range.
如果真的是这样的话，那么从理论上，完成挑战的途径有两条。一个是坚持并闪躲过所有箭鱼的攻击，另一个则是咬牙硬挺，承受密集的痛疼。	If this is the case, then theoretically, there are two ways to complete the challenge: one is to persist and avoid all arrowfish attacks, and the other is to bite hard and endure intense pain.
当然，第二条途径只可能是理论上的，陈暮不认为有人真的能承受这种痛苦。他的性格坚忍，而感知锻炼更是让他的这一优点大大加强。可就是这样，他也扛不住这样的痛苦。	The second way, of course, could only be theoretical. Chen did not think that anybody could really endure such suffering. His character was stubborn, and his sense of exercise greatly strengthened his strength. But he could not bear such suffering either.
最关键的一点是，陈暮认为，这太危险！	The most important thing is, Chen thinks, it's too dangerous!
关于危险的推断并不是他凭空想象的，而是真正存在的。他从简单水世界里退出来后，便发现全身有七八个极细的红点，一按下去，隐隐作疼。	The inference of danger was not an imaginary one, but a real one; after he had withdrawn from the simple world of water, he found seventy-eight extremely fine red spots all over his body, which he pressed down and pained in secret.
这张神秘卡片的制作者到底想做什么？每一次想起这个问题，陈暮都是百思不得其解。随着他一点点地发掘出这张卡片里面的东西，这个谜团却始终没有一点线索。	What does the producer of the mystery card really want to do? Every time he thinks about this question, Chen Fu is unable to figure it out. As he digs out a little bit of what's inside the card, there's always no clue to the puzzle.
真是伤脑筋的东西啊！	It's really traumatic!
星院。一个白发老人，一位中年男子，还有一位少女，三人并排而立。在他们面前，并排躺着两具尸体，赫然是王泽送回来的尸体。	A white-haired old man, a middle-aged man, and a young girl stood in rows, and in front of them lay two bodies, which were the bodies that Wang Ze had brought back.
“看出来他们是怎么死的吗？”白发老人问。	"""Do you see how they died?"" asked the white-haired old man."
回答的是那位少女，她脸色凝重：“是百渊府的柔客，他们是死在起码六阶的黑?藤的毒刺下。对方的身手很高。”她长发如飘，一身青衣，亭然而立，远远望去，有如淡荷初绽。	"The girl replied, with a staring face, ""They are the gentlemen of Baoyuanfu, they are dead under the poison of the sixth rank of the black fig tree. The other man's hands are high. She was long and fluffy, clothed in blue, standing still, looking far away, and blooming like a flower."
中年人脸色却是大变：“百渊下面的那帮黑虫怎么闻到了味？难道走漏了消息？”他一张国字脸，颇有威严，只是此时却是一脸震惊。	"The middle-aged man's face was changed: ""How did the worms under the hundred roots smell? Didn't they leak the news?"" He had a national-language face, which was rather solemn, but at the same time he was shocked."
白发老人摇摇头：“还不知道具体情况。”他看了一眼两具尸体，叹息道：“只怕现在有不少人已经起疑心了。形势越来越复杂了！”	"The white-haired old man shook his head and said, ""I don't know the exact situation yet."" He looked at the two bodies and sighed, ""I'm just afraid there are now a lot of people who are suspicious. The situation is getting more and more complicated!"
想了想，他看向那位少女：“王泽他们在那，力量有点单薄了。这次你去吧，遇到事情，你拿主意。”随即转向中年人：“你挑一批人，跟着她去，现在想从暗中谋取只怕已经不大现实了，明面上的争斗会越来越多。”一旁的少女默然。	Thinking about it, he looked at the girl: Wang Ze they are there, the power is a little weak. This time go, meet things, you have your mind. Then turn to the middle-aged man: You pick up a group, follow her, and now you want to seek out from the dark, for fear that it is not very real, and the battle on the surface will be more and more frequent.
中年人问：“是挑学生还是老师？”	"The middle-aged asked, ""Is it a student or a teacher?"""
“学生吧，内院为主，外院也挑几个，这几个要胆大心细熟谙世事的。”少女突然开腔。	Students, the inner courts are the main ones, and the outer courts are the ones that have to be brave enough to know the world well.
“就这么办。”白发老头断然道。	"""That's the way it is,"" said the white-haired old man."
“是，我这就去办。”中年人连忙躬身。	"""Yes, I'll do it,"" said the middle-aged man."
“你要小心，这次肯定会遇到其他学府的高手，呵呵，得失不要太在意，这也算是一次磨炼吧。”白发老头转过脸对少女笑着说。	"""You have to be careful, you're going to meet some of the masters of the other colleges,"" said the old man with white hair, smiling at the girl."
“校长放心。”	"""The headmaster rejoiced."
这是一个再平常不过的日子，却是天攸联邦暗流涌动的开始。	It was an extraordinary day, but it was the beginning of the darkness of the Federation.
左亭衣来到梅达处，他刚刚得到消息，听说梅达老师生病了，于是便急匆匆地赶了过来。	Left-handed man came to Meda. He had just received the news, and heard that Miss Meda was sick, so he hurried to come.
梅达老师躺在床上，看上去情况并不是很好。他眼眶深陷，面容憔悴，愈发显得老态。左亭衣心下难受至极，梅达老师从小便开始传授他制卡方面的知识，两人早就超过了普通的师生关系。	Mr. Meda was lying in bed, and the situation didn't look good. His eyes were deep, his face was weary, and he was becoming increasingly old-fashioned. Mr. Meda and Mr. Meda, in their left-handed hearts, began to teach him about card printing from a very young age, and the two of them had already exceeded the average teacher-student relationship.
找来医生，他低声问：“情况怎么样？”	"Looking for a doctor, he asked in a low voice, ""How is it?"""
医生摇摇头：“不是太好。”	The doctor shook his head: Not too good.
“到底是怎么回事？”左亭衣的脸色很难看，梅达老师的身体一直保养得不错，颇为硬朗，怎么会突然生这么大的一场病？	What's the matter with the left shirt? It's hard to see the face of Mrs. Meda, whose body has always been well maintained and very hard, and how can a sudden illness of this magnitude happen?
医生小心地回答：“梅达大师这段时间应该是思考过于频繁了，而且似乎有什么问题郁结在心，心情焦虑，导致的身体失衡。梅达大师一心钻研，没有注意到身体的变化，才导致身体迅速恶化。您知道，他的年龄……”	"The doctor carefully replied, ""Master Meda should be thinking too much during this period, and there seems to be some trouble in his heart, anxiousness, which leads to physical imbalance. Master Meda is working hard and not paying attention to the changes in his body, which leads to his rapid deterioration. You know, his age..."""
后面的话，左亭衣便没有再听进去，他的目光落在桌子。	Afterwards, the left stall cloak no longer listened in, and his eyes fell on the table.
一张烧焦了只剩下一半的卡片，还有几张《邂逅》的卡影。蓦地，左亭衣胸中腾地的冒起一股邪火，转头走出梅达老师的房间。	"There was only half of the card burned, and a few of the ""Meeting"" cards. Suddenly, an evil fire broke out in the chest of the left wardrobe, and he turned out of the teacher's room."
他径直找到管家，劈头便道：“我不管你用什么方法，一定要找到这个该死的制卡师，明白不？”	"He went straight to find the manager and split his head and said, ""I must find this damn cardmaker, no matter how you do it, you know"
看到少爷脸色铁青，管家连忙回答：“是。”	"When he saw the master's face in black and blue, the manager replied, ""Yes."""
左家的各种渠道开始迅速布开，但是收到的消息却让管家叫苦不迭。他们还是无法查到蛛丝马迹，对方明显很老辣，没有留下任何有价值的线索。最后还是有人想出一个主意，干脆去寄卖市场蹲点。	The channels of the left started to open rapidly, but the news made the managers scream. They were still unable to find the spiderwebs, and the other side was obviously very old-fashioned, leaving no valuable clues. In the end, someone came up with an idea, and went to the market and squatted down.
这个方案需要大量的人力，但是对于左家来说，这都不是问题。管家可清楚得很，少爷虽然平时温文尔雅比较好说话，可一旦动怒的话，那他们可就惨了。	This scheme requires a great deal of manpower, but for the left it is not a problem. The managers are very clear, and although Wen Wen is usually better at speaking, if they get angry, they are miserable.
左亭衣在左家的地位仅次于他的父亲左天霖，他也是左家唯一继承人。在这点上，没有人可以和他竞争。	He was the only successor to the left, and no one could compete with him in this respect.
每天一大帮乔装打扮的家伙散落在寄卖市场的每个角落。按照以前的时间，最近正好是新一集《师士传说》卡影发布的时候。	Every day a whole bunch of guys dressed up in costumes scattered around the corners of the market. As before, it was just the time for the release of a new series of Wizard of Oz cartoons.
可是对方像是知道他们布下天罗地网在等他一般，始终不出现。这帮家伙望穿秋水，等得头皮都快被抓破，个个肝火上升，嘴角长燎泡。	But the other one seemed to know that they had been waiting for him all the time.They were looking through the autumn waters, waiting for their heads to be caught, their liver to rise, their mouths to burst.
他们哪里知道，雷子这段时间正为维可的活动忙得焦头烂额，根本没有时间做剧本。	Where did they know that Ray was busy with Vico's activities during this time and had no time to write the script?
而陈暮，也在琢磨着他自己的玩意。	And Chen Fu, is also pondering his own play.
</CHAPTER>	</CHAPTER>
</BOOK>	</BOOK>
"<BOOK id=""35"">"	"<BOOK id=""35"">"
"<CHAPTER id=""100"">"	"<CHAPTER id=""100"">"
第100章、中节劲	Chapter 100 The Strength of the Middle Section
的确，如果不与龙伯腿毛大枪相比，这杆只用了少量腿毛制作而成的大枪的确算得上一杆宝枪了。	Indeed, if it weren't for the Longbeer's hamstring gun, it would have been a great gun if it had been made with a small amount of hamstring.
腿毛？腿毛！腿毛？	Leg hair? Leg hair! Leg hair?
卫小北这两天就连做梦都遇到腿毛，有长达千丈的，有短小的，甚至于有长着人脸的。	The two days of David's dreams were filled with feathers of thousands of lengths, small ones, and even long faces.
好吧，卫小北都感觉这腿毛快成自己心魔了。	All right, all of them feel like they're going crazy with their legs.
还好，这几日，师父得了宝贝，每日都会拉着卫小北对练枪术。	Well, these days, he's got a baby, and every day he's pulling the guards to the north to practice shooting.
程必武四十五岁了，习武三十八年，又正当壮年，武艺正朝着巅峰踏进。	He was thirty-five years old, thirty-eight years old, and just getting old, and his martial arts were on their way to the top.
卫小北曾记得，程必武一次喝酒之后，得意说自己在二十六岁的时候，就领悟到暗劲了。	David Xiaobong remembered that after drinking once, he was proud to say that when he was twenty-six years old, he had come to the realization of darkness.
大家都知道这国术里，对于劲力的划分，大概就是明劲，暗劲，化劲之分，这大体就是对自身劲力的运用范围。	It is well known that in this martial arts, the division of force is probably the division of clear force, dark force, and embodiment force, which is largely the scope of the use of force itself.
嗯，再往上走，准确说，应该是气外放的范畴了，在这里不多说。	Well, let's go upstairs. To be precise, it should be a category of out-of-body stuff. There's not much to say.
明劲说白了，就是自己本身的力量，也是拳头打人，脚踢人，这是习武之人的根基，运用自身应有的力量来打人，能够使出多少力使多少力。	To put it bluntly, it is the strength of one's own, it is the strength of one's own, it is the strength of one's own, it is the strength of one's own, it is the strength of one's own, it is the strength of one's own, it is the strength of one's own.
因而明劲又叫梢节劲，末梢之劲力，看名字就知道了。	Therefore, when you see the name, you know the strength of the ends, the strength of the ends.
但一般普通人最多只能够使出全身之力的三成，也就是用拳头打人，那么就是五成臂力，用腿踢人能够使出四成，大概就这个样子。	But the average person is only capable of a maximum of three-thirds of the body's strength, that is to say, a fifth of the arm's strength, a fourth of the leg's strength, and so on.
而练过拳脚，经过一些训练的人，譬如当过兵，业余拳手等等却能够使出全身之力的五成，并且能够初步合力。譬如扭动腰力，腿力。	Those who have been trained, such as soldiers, amateur wrestlers, etc., are able to make a fifth of the total strength and can initially combine, such as twisting the waist and leg.
再进一步，就是使出全身之力的八成以上，能够聚合腰力，腿力，拳力三力合一，大开大合，拳带风声。	Furthermore, it is to make more than 80 percent of the strength of the whole body, be able to combine lumbar strength, leg strength, three-stroke martial arts, big open martial arts, martial arts wind.
而明劲的最高境界就是全身之力尽数使出，不但聚合腰力，腿力，拳力，甚至于在使用一些特殊招式，譬如铁山靠的时候，连颈部，小腿等等位置的力量都能够一并释放出来。	The highest level of strength is the total strength of the whole body, not only combined waist, leg, fist, and even in the use of some special tricks, such as when leaning on the Iron Mountain, the strength of the neck, small leg, and so on positions can be released together.
明劲之后则是暗劲，所谓暗劲在国术里，又有个说法，叫做肘底打人。何为肘底？	Then there is darkness, the so-called darkness. In martial arts, there is another saying, which is called elbow bottom. What is elbow bottom?
这是个统称，意思是，我们需要将之前练出的明劲藏于臂，腿等中节，使得出拳之时，可攻可守，不像明劲时那样只可攻，不可守，或只守不攻。	This is a general term, which means that we need to hide our previous skillfulness in the arms, legs, and middle joints, so that we can attack when we are firing, rather than just attacking, not attacking, or not attacking.
因而这暗劲又被称为中节劲。但这暗劲实际上并不会增强你的力量，你的力量还是在明劲之中。	That's why this darkness is also called moderate strength. But this darkness doesn't actually strengthen your strength, your strength is still in the clear.
练出了暗劲的国术高手与只有明劲的国术高手较量，就如同一个太极高手与一个蛮力汉子较量一般无疑。	It is almost certain that the master of dark martial arts can be compared to the master of only bright martial arts, just as a master of superpowers can be compared to a master of barbarians.
最后提一提化劲，化劲又称根节劲，以内带外，从根节到中节，再到梢节，全身无处不蓄力，算得上是暗劲的高级版本了。	"At the end of the sentence, the word ""inner"" is replaced by the word ""inner"", from the root to the middle of the node, to the top of the node, and the whole body is devoid of resources."
到了化劲，能够将全身各处练到能蓄能发。	When it comes to energy, it is possible to practice all over the body to accumulate energy and hair.
所谓的蚊蝇不能落，伸手鸟不飞，便是这个道理。全身各处，能蓄劲，能发劲，两者转化自如，即便是一只小鸟落在身上，都别想飞走，方寸之间便能够将飞鸟向上之力抵消掉。	The so-called mosquito flies can't fall and the birds can't fly, that's the reason. Everywhere, they can accumulate, they can exert, and the two transform as if, even if a little bird falls on its body, they don't want to fly, and in between squares they can counteract the power of the flying bird upwards.
到了这个程度，即便是别人一拳打在你身上，你都能够将对方之力轻易卸掉。	To this extent, even if someone hits you, you can relieve the power of the other person easily.
正所谓大道同归，实际上到了化劲之上，不管是太极，还是八极拳，都有一种速途同归的味道了。	The so-called road-to-road return, in fact, to the top of the energy, whether too extreme, or eight-pound boxing, has a kind of fast-track return flavor.
譬如武当传名已久的沾衣十八跌，便是充分运用了化劲。	Take, for example, the long-famous wear 18 falls, is full use of the power of transformation.
因而像这种武功，与其说是一门武功，倒不如说是境界到了，自然而成。	Thus, like this martial art, it is not as if it is a martial art, but rather as if it has reached the boundary and become natural.
从以上便可知道，与一位暗劲高手对战的痛苦所在了。	From above you can see the pain of fighting with a dark master.
自家师父现在的境界，卫小北不太能够看穿，但在与之对练的时候，就有一种很憋闷，使不出劲的感觉。	The current state of his own father, David Xiaobong is not able to see through, but when he practices against it, there is a feeling that is very tense, unbearable.
每每自己大枪刺出之后，程必武都能够很轻易招架下来，并借势反攻，搞得卫小北狼狈不堪，甚至于卫小北出招目光所聚之处，往往被程必武提前发现。	Each time he shoots his own bullet, he can easily take off, and use the pretext of counterattack, causing the guard to get confused, and even in the spot where the guard's eyes are gathered, he is often spotted ahead of time.
卫小北也不是傻子，师父不仅仅只是得了宝贝的兴奋，更有借此点拨自己的意味。	David is not a fool, and the teacher is not only excited about the baby, but also to make sense of it.
要说自己的力量，肌肉，身体强壮度这两个分支属性合在一起，形成了高达17.5的力量主属性。	In other words, your own strength, muscles, and strength of the body combine to form the main attribute of up to 17.5 power.
这个程度的力量已经很强了！	This level of power is already strong!
如果不考虑肌肉拉伤，出力到极限的话，卫小北一拳之力都超过世界重量级拳王了。	If you don't take muscle injury into account and push it to the limits, Wade's power will outweigh the world's heavyweight boxing champion.
但这依然是只是明劲范围。	But that's still just the bright scope.
一场对练下来，卫小北厚着脸皮拉住师父询问了一番。	After a round of practice, David asked the teacher a question with a thick face.
程必武倒是丝毫没有半点客气：“小北，要说对八极拳的领悟，你勉强超过了老三，就连老二都可能快要比不上你了，但你现在也就只在明劲中层，距离你大师兄都有不少距离。”	"There's no half-heartedness in Zhaobei Wu's words: ""Little North, in terms of eight-pound boxing, you've overtaken the old three, and even the old two may soon be less than you, but now you're only in the middle of your strength, and there's a lot of distance from your master brother."
的确如此，卫小北倒也有几分自知之明，别看自己的八极拳境界已经抵达了千锤百炼，但实际上，对于劲力的运用，也就是以力使劲。	Indeed, David Xiaobo was also somewhat self-aware that he had reached the limits of his eight-pound boxing, but in fact, he applied his power to it, that is to say, to force.
不过这几日与师父对练下来，卫小北对于劲力倒是有了几分自己的理解。	However, after the few days of training with his father, David had some understanding of his own strength.
不说立马就提升到明劲高层，出拳踢腿聚集全身之力，但至少对这一点有些了解了。	Not to mention standing up to the upper tier, kicking and kicking and gathering all the strength, but at least some understanding of this.
除此之外，卫小北在网上查到了自己在灰界里遇到的龙伯之民到底是什么！	Additionally, David Little North on the Internet to find out what he encountered in the gray world of the dragon people is really what!
龙伯有大人，卅丈立其身。数步周寰宇，呵吸结巨云。苍冥为室顶，北海作盂盆。一钓六鳌毙，二山因陆沉。	And there was a man of the dragon, and he stood thirty cubits high: and he went about the whole earth a few steps, and, behold, the great clouds were gathered together: and the heavens were the top of the chambers, and the north sea was a basin: and one fished and died, and two mountains were devoured by the land.
这里的大人便是巨人。	The adults here are giants.
山海经上就说过，远古之时，有个国家叫做龙伯国，其中的国民个个都是巨人，高大无比，数步便可行走很远，呼吸成云，头顶在天空苍穹之上，北海当成澡盆。	In ancient times, it was said in the Book of the Mountains and the Sea, that there was a nation called the Land of Dragons, whose people were giants, exceedingly great, and could walk a few steps far, breathing in the clouds, with their heads above the sky, and the North Sea as a bathtub.
结果有一天，一个龙伯巨人跑到海边钓鱼，不小心将承载蓬莱等五座仙山的大鳖钓了起来，结果造成两座仙山沉入海底，使得无数仙人流离失所。	As a result, one day, a dragonbill giant ran to the seaside to fish, and accidentally caught five giant turtles, such as Polle, which caused two of the mountains to sink into the seabed, leaving countless people stranded.
天帝震怒，施法不断缩小龙伯国的国土，让这些巨人不断变小，但到了伏羲，神农的时代，这些巨人还有三十多丈高。	The Emperor was angry and tried to shrink the land of the kingdom of Longbo, making these giants smaller and smaller, but in the time of Fu Xi, the god-farmer, these giants were more than thirty in height.
由此可见，这些龙伯之民的巨大了。	As you can see, these people of Longbe are huge.
看完这些资料，卫小北都不由心头有些震撼。	After reading all this information, David Xiaobo is not shocked by the heart.
看来这灰界的确与神话传说有着很大的联系。	It seems that the gray world does have a lot to do with mythology.
在这之后，卫小北每天睡觉前，都要固定上网一个小时，借此熟悉了解中国的各种神话传说，什么《山海经》，什么《列子》，什么《搜神记》，《淮南子》等等中国古代神话著作，都被卫小北看了个遍。	After this, Wai Xiaobong had to stay on the Internet for an hour before going to bed every day, so that he could familiarize himself with various Chinese mythological legends, such as the Book of Mountains and Sea, the Book of Levites, the Book of Searching the Gods, the Book of Huainans, and so on.
</CHAPTER>	</CHAPTER>
</BOOK>	</BOOK>
"<BOOK id=""46"">"	"<BOOK id=""46"">"
"<CHAPTER id=""150"">"	"<CHAPTER id=""150"">"
第150章 小锦鲤于甘甘	CHAPTER 150 The Little Carrot
张阿姨有些犹豫。陈妈妈和刘阿姨，一直在她耳边劝说。	Aunt Zhang has some hesitation. Aunt Chen and Aunt Liu have been advising her.
最后张阿姨同意了，给她儿子打电话：“仔啊，早上隔壁邻居在家门口吵架那视频，你调出来发给我……你管那么多干什么，你发就是了……”	"Finally Aunt Zhang agreed, and called her son: ""Children, that video of the next-door neighbors fighting at the door in the morning, you brought it out and sent it to me... you're doing so much, you're done with it..."""
挂断电话后，她对于甘甘道：“等会儿发到我微信，我转给你了。	"After the phone was turned off, she said to him, ""I'll send it to you in a moment."
于甘甘站了起来，深深一个鞠躬，万分感激：“谢谢您，以后您来我的医馆看病，我绝对不收您一分钱。”	Thank you, and I will never take a penny from you when you come to my hospital.
阿妈妈笑嘻嘻地说：“那可不行，不能让你亏本，还是要收点本钱的。”	"Mom laughed and said, ""No, I can't let you lose money, but I'll get some money."
旁边的黄阿姨，突然哈哈大笑了：“哎呀，不好意思，我又胡了。”	"Aunt Huang, next to her, laughed suddenly and said, ""Oh, I'm sorry, I'm also bald."
刘阿姨站了起来，笑呵呵地咧着嘴说：“老黄，刚刚你可是一手牌也没有胡，打从小鱼坐到你身后，就一直你胡牌。”	"Aunt Liu stood up and grinned with laughter, and said, ""Old Huang, you've just got a hand and no beard, and you've been playing with a small fish sitting behind you all the time."
另一桌的张阿姨，冲着于甘甘招手：“来来来，你坐我身边，我今天也是一把都没胡，试试看你坐过来我会不会胡。”	"Aunt Zhang, at the other table, shouted at Gan Gan, ""Come, come, you sit beside me, and I'm not even a beard today, try to see if I can be a beard if you sit here."
“这肯定是巧合，是黄阿姨的手气好了。”于甘甘这么说着，但还是坐到了张阿姨身边，笑着表示：“如果没有胡，您可千万不要怪我。”	"It must have been a coincidence, it must have been Aunt Huang's good manners, said Huang. But he sat by Aunt Zhang and smiled and said, ""You can't blame me if you don't have Hu."
“没关系啦，胡不了就当今天手气不好，我已经想好了，把牌面上的钱输了就不打了，”她摸了一个牌，话音还没有落，就直接将牌面全部推到了：“不好意思，胡了。”	It doesn't matter, it's not funny, it's not funny, it's not funny, it's not funny, it's not funny, it's not funny, it's not funny, it's not funny, it's not funny, it's not funny, it's not funny, it's not funny, it's not funny, it's not funny.
她伸手过去，轻轻抱了一下于甘甘：“小鱼的气运可真是好。”	"She reached over and hugged him gently. ""The little fish has a good mood."
钟阿姨向前辈于甘甘招手：“来来来，坐我这儿来。”	Aunt Clock's forefather raised her hand at Gan Gan: Come, come, sit with me here.
张阿姨阻止道：“你急什么，我这才胡一把呢，你看看你们都赢那么多了，再让我赢两把怎么了，坐下坐下，坐我这儿。”	"Aunt Zhang stopped and said, ""What are you hurrying about, I'm just a fool, you see, you've all won so much, let me win two more, sit down, sit down, sit down with me."
于甘甘啼笑皆非。	There is no laughter.
这肯定是意外。但是她坐下来后，这桌接下来两把都是张阿姨胡牌。	It must have been an accident. But after she sat down, the next two tables were all Aunt Hu cards.
张阿姨数着钱，笑嘻嘻地问于甘甘：“小鱼有男朋友了吗？我儿子还没有女朋友，他可是IT精英，年收入过百万的，你要不要考虑看看？”	"Aunt Zhang counted the money and laughed and asked, ""Does Little Fish have a boyfriend? My son hasn't got a girlfriend yet. He's an IT elite, and he earns over a million dollars a year."
这么好运的小姑娘，娶回家那得多称心如意。	A girl so fortunate as to marry home is much more pleasurable.
钟阿姨打了一张牌，说道：“我觉得我侄子比较适合，长的可帅了，跟个明星一样，外貌上和小鱼比较相配，俊男美女。”	"Aunt Clock played a card and said, ""I think my nephew is more suited, he's tall and handsome, like a star, he looks more like a fish, he's a handsome man and a beautiful woman."
张阿姨瞪着她，气哼哼地道：“你的意思是说我儿子不帅了，我儿子哪里不帅了，比你儿子帅多了。”	"Aunt Zhang stared at her and hummed, ""You mean my son is not handsome, my son is not handsome anywhere, more handsome than your son."
站在旁边的刘阿姨，摆了摆手说：“你们不要吵了，我觉得我儿子比较合适一些，小鱼，我儿子今年二十五，自己开公司的，要不我现在给他打个电话，让他过来和你见个面。”	"Aunt Liu, who was standing next to him, shook her hands and said, ""Don't bother, I think my son is more suitable, Fish. My son is 25 years old and he owns a company. If not, I'll call him right now and let him come and see you."
于甘甘哭笑不得：“……”	Don't weep, don't weep.
怎么一个两个都要给她相亲了？	Why should one or two of them be close to her?
她忙拉住刘阿姨的手：“别别别……”	"She grabbed Aunt Liu's hand and said, ""Don't, don't, don't."
牌馆的门突然被人打开了，一个高大挺拔的男人从容不迫地走了进来，屋里的灯光打在他高冷俊美的脸上，好像神话世界里完美的神，全身威慑的气场。	Suddenly the doors of the store were opened, and a tall and tall man stepped in uncompromisingly, and the lights of the room shone down on his cold and handsome face, like the perfect god in the mythical world, a deterrent gas field.
于甘甘看到他，感觉看到了救星，便对各位说道：“不好意思，我……朋友来了。”	"When he saw him, and felt that he saw a savior, he said to everyone, ""I'm sorry, my friend is here."
</CHAPTER>	</CHAPTER>
</BOOK>	</BOOK>
"<BOOK id=""6"">"	"<BOOK id=""6"">"
"<CHAPTER id=""350"">"	"<CHAPTER id=""350"">"
第350章 朕会为你打下这江山	CHAPTER 350 I'LL STOP THIS EAST MOUNTAIN FOR YOU
小桃以为她受到打击一蹶不振了，在一旁急得团团转，偏偏又无计可施，只能按照林芝芝的叮嘱，一切如常，见机行事。	Little Momo thought that she had been crushed, and that she was in a hurry to turn around, but she had no choice but to act according to Lin's orders, as usual, to see.
今天的主场和焦点注定是宁雪落，所以林芝芝对宁夕今天唯一的要求只有一个字“稳”。	"Today's home ground and focus are destined for snowfall, so Linzhai's only requirement for today's evening is a word ""stable""."
于是宁夕画着不出挑又得体的妆容，穿了一身香槟色的Chanel秋冬高定晚礼裙便去了。	So I went to the evening with a champagne-colored Chanel autumn-winter high-end dress.
杀青宴举办的地点是帝都唯一一家六星酒店。	The venue for the killing was the only six-star hotel in the city.
宁夕到的时候有点早，只见到处都是忙碌的工作人员在布置现场，各种红玫瑰和爱心气球，除非眼瞎才看不出是准备求婚的。	It was a little early in the evening, only to see that there were busy staff on the scene, all kinds of red roses and balloons of love, unless blind to see that they were ready to marry.
除此之外，酒店里还堆满了各种礼物花篮等，有合作商送的，有粉丝朋友送的，满满当当几乎都无处下脚。	In addition, the hotel is packed with all kinds of gift baskets and so on, from cooperators to fans to friends, and almost nowhere to go.
宁夕略扫了一眼，在角落里看到一个标着“宁夕全球粉丝后援团”的花篮，顿时眸光一暖。	"She glanced a little, and in the corner saw a basket of flowers labeled ""Ning Yu Global Fan Support Group,"" and suddenly her eyes warmed."
她也有后援团了啊……	She's got a backup team too.
虽然相比宁雪落和赵思洲他们收到的礼物不值一提，但她还是已经非常开心。	Even though the gifts they received were worthless compared to the snowfall and Zhao Shizhou, she was still very happy.
可是，一旁的小桃难免就有点落差了，心想怎么就收到这么点礼物，太寒酸了吧！待会儿记者们看到还不知道要怎么写呢！	But the peaches on the other side are inevitably a bit bad, thinking how to receive such a gift, too cold! Wait for the reporters to see yet do not know how to write!
哎，要知道以前她跟着冷曼云的时候，哪次杀青宴礼物不是堆成山的啊？	Oh, you know, when she used to follow the cold man clouds, which killing party gift didn't pile up in the mountains?
现在可能还要跟着一起丢一场大脸，连宁雪落那种档次的都能来踩他们了，眼见着姐妹们越混越好，只有她一下子从被人羡慕的顶峰打落到谷底，真是想想就心酸……	Now maybe we'll have to lose a big face with them, even the snowy ones can step on them, look at the sisters more and more mixed, only she suddenly fell from the envyed peak to the bottom of the valley, it's really heartbreaking to think...
这时，身后方雅等人也呼啦啦的来了，嘴里此起彼伏地惊叹着。	Then came the others behind him, and they cried, their mouths trembled.
“哇啊！现场布置得好漂亮啊！太梦幻了！”	"""Wow! It's so beautiful! It's so dreamy!"
“这得花多少钱啊！光是包下整个酒店就是天价了吧！酒店要赚死了！”	How much does it cost! It's cheap to wrap up the whole hotel! The hotel's going to make a living!
“这你就不懂了，当红一线女神外加帝都身价最高的贵公子浪漫定情，这么轰动的大新闻，人家酒店也是可以借此宣传自己的，巴不得呢！”	"""You don't understand that, when the Red Line's goddess is the highest-priced nobleman and romantically engaged, and the news is so sensational, the hotel can also advertise itself with it!"
众人惊叹完后，看到对面宁夕站在那个粉丝送的小花篮跟前，全都捂着嘴一阵窃笑。	When the crowds had finished their sighs, they all shouted with laughter when they saw Ningyu standing opposite the fan's basket of flowers.
“宁夕的粉丝送的这是什么呀？就一个小破花篮？”	"""What is this? A small basket of broken flowers?"
“她站那干嘛呢？不会是在找那个diao丝男准备的惊喜吧？”	"""What did she stand there for? Wasn't she looking for the surprise that Diao's man was preparing?"
“指望那个奇葩的diao丝男？别是被雪落刺激疯了吧……”	Don't be mad at the snowfall...
方雅满脸得意地看着宁夕的方向，终于扬眉吐气了一把，把那天晚上的话原样送了回去，“哎呀，真是没有对比就没有伤害啊！”	"Fanja looked at the direction of the sunset with joy, and finally exclaimed, and sent back the words of that evening as they were, ""Oh, there is no comparison, there is no harm!"
听着那些刺耳的嘲讽，小桃终于忍无可忍，当场气得都快哭了，“这些人真是太过分了！怎么可以这样！”	"Listening to the whispering mockery, Peach could not tolerate it at last, and cried out at the moment, ""These people are too much! How can this be!"
宁夕叹了口气，摸了摸小桃的脑袋，柔声道，“小桃乖，我们现在只是一时的，我不会让你跟着我一直吃苦的！总有一天，朕会为你打下这江山！”	"Ningyu sighed, touched the peacock's head, and softly said, ""Peach, we are only for a moment, and I won't let you suffer with me! One day, I'll put this mountain down for you!"
小桃瞬间被逗得破涕为笑，红着双颊道，“夕姐你讨厌！又逗我！”	"The peach was laughed out of laughter, red cheeks, and said, ""You suck! You suck me again!"
看着小丫头笑了，宁夕才终于松了口气。	Looking at the lad laughed, Ning Yu finally relaxed his mouth.
其实，这会儿她的心里不好受，她自己倒是无所谓，因为这点小事对她而言真的不算什么，但是，她最难以忍受的，是让身边的人跟着她一起受委屈，被她连累。	In fact, at this moment her heart is not well, and she herself is not at all, because this little thing is not really much for her, but the hardest thing for her to endure is to let the people around her suffer along with her and be burdened by her.
</CHAPTER>	</CHAPTER>
</BOOK>	</BOOK>
"<BOOK id=""6"">"	"<BOOK id=""6"">"
"<CHAPTER id=""351"">"	"<CHAPTER id=""351"">"
第351章 食神费威廉	CHAPTER 351 Faithful William
夜幕降临，华灯初上。	The night is coming, and the lights are on.
剧组所有主创人员，合作商，各路媒体等陆续进场。	All the main actors, co-producers, media outlets, etc. were involved in the production.
偌大的宴会厅内觥筹交错、所有剧组成员都是一副骄傲自豪的表情。	In the big banquet hall, all the members of the theater team were proud and proud.
“我天！这逼格太高了！你看过哪家杀青宴这么隆重这么拉风的吗？我得多拍几张照片放在朋友圈里装逼！”	"""Oh my God! That's too high! Have you ever seen a killing party that's so grand and so glamorous? I'd rather put a few pictures in my friends' close-ups than that!"
“哈哈哈，那我直接开个直播吧！感觉能赚不少打赏！”	"""Hah hah, then let's have a live show! It'll make a lot of money!"""
“这次咱们全都是托雪落的福！”	This time we're all in the snow!
“对了雪落人呢？来了没有？”	What about the snowman? Has he come?
“急什么，主角当然要压轴出场啦！”	Hurry up, the main character of course has to press the axis!
话刚说完，不远处一身白色鱼尾修身长礼裙的宁雪落风姿绰约地在众媒体的簇拥下进来了。	At the end of the speech, a white fish tail dressed in a long dress came in under the crowd of the media.
这边方雅等人立即一起迎了上去。	On this side, Fanja and others immediately greeted up together.
方雅亲昵地挽着宁雪落的手臂，“雪落，你来啦！你今天实在是太美了！”	"Fanja hugged the snow-cold arm tenderly, ""Snow-cold, come on! You are so beautiful today!"
宁雪落嗔她一眼，红光满面，“哪有啊，就跟平常一样！”	"The snow dropped a glance at her, and her face was full of red, ""Oh, it's the same as usual!"
身旁的其他人也在纷纷恭维，“雪落，你这套衣服好好看啊！太华丽了！而且好衬你身材！”	"The others beside him were also cheering, ""It's snowing, look at your suit! It's so beautiful! And it's nice to look at you!"
“矮油，你们懂什么呀，不是衣服的问题，是爱情的滋润！”有人揶揄。	"""You know what, short oil, it's not a matter of clothes, it's the nourishment of love!"
宁雪落捂了捂脸，“讨厌，你们又笑我！”	The snow fell and covered his face. I hate you, you laugh at me again!
方雅故意拿着一根勺子当做话筒耍宝，“宁雪落小姐，现在希望采访你一下，有个这么完美的男朋友，是什么感觉？”	"Fanja deliberately took a spoon as a dial to play with, ""Miss Nine Snow, now I want to interview you, what does it feel like to have such a perfect boyfriend"
宁雪落一脸甜蜜，“别闹了啦，对了，你们今晚多吃点啊，苏衍这次特意从香城请的米其林三星大厨哦！”	"Snow fell with a sweet face, ""Don't mess with it, all right, you'll have a lot to eat tonight, Su Diang, the Michelin-starred chef specially invited from Xiangxi!"
人群里顿时一阵惊呼——“哇塞！米其林！还是三星！我的天！你家苏衍简直壕无人性，这一顿饭得吃多少钱啊？”	There was a sudden alarm in the crowd--Wow! Michigan! or Samsung! Oh my God! Your family's Su-Dhan is so untouchable, how much does this meal cost?
“香城请的米其林三星大厨，我去，该不会是费威廉吧？”	The Michelin-starred chef invited by Xiangxiang, I'll go. Shouldn't it be Fee William?
宁雪落听着众人的惊叹，状似不经意地朝着宁夕的方向深深的看了一眼，然后随口答道，“是他，那天我从杂志上看到后，不过是随口提了一句，没想到苏衍真的把他请来了。”	"Snow, listening to the applause of the crowds, looked deeply, as if inadvertently, in the direction of the evening, and answered, ""It was him, after I saw it in the magazine that day, but it was a quote, and I did not think that Su-Dhan had really invited him."
话音刚落，旁边围着的一群小姑娘更加受不了了……	As soon as the voice dropped, the group of little girls around him was no longer able to cope.
“嗷！求饶过我们这群单身狗，别再秀恩爱了！”	Oh! forgive us, our lonely dogs! Don't be so loving!
“拜托，有对象的都架不住他们这么秀恩爱的好吗？”	Please, there are no objects they can't put up they're so nice and loving.
宁雪落嗔了她们一眼，“讨厌，不跟你们说了！你们玩，我去下那边！”	Snow took a look at them, and said, I hate it, don't tell you! Let's play! I'll go down there!
“是是是，不跟我们说，快去找你家苏衍去吧！”	"""Yes, yes, don't tell us, go and find your family's suffrage!"
正陪着宁夕坐在角落里的小桃气得把勺子都快扳弯了，“可恶可恶可恶！居然是食神费威廉！我最大的愿望就是能吃一顿他亲手做得菜啊！没想到居然是在这种情况下吃到的，搞得我都没胃口了……”	"The little peacock who was sitting in the corner with Nineteen was quick to bend the spoon. ""Awful, awful, awful, awful! What a waste of William! My greatest wish was to have a meal of his hand-made food! I didn't think I'd eat it in this situation, so I didn't have any appetite..."""
“费威廉……”听到那个名字，宁夕的神色有些恍惚。	"""Fee William..............................."
“对啊！”小桃抹了把口水，激动道，“你不知道费威廉，总知道Alainpassa吧？F国顶级米其林餐厅行政总厨！费威廉就是他的亲传弟子，名气特别大，特别难请的，就这么一顿饭，普通人能吃到倾家荡产！”	""" ""Yes,"" said the peach, stirring his mouth. ""You don't know Fey William, you always know Alanpassa, the executive chef of the top Michigan restaurant in F.C. Fey William is his best-known disciple, and he's so famous, he's so unpleasant."
宁夕闻言，没有说话，她当然知道费威廉。	She knew Fee William, of course, when she heard it and did not speak.
多年前，有段时间她很喜欢看厨王争霸，最喜欢的就是里面这位叫费威廉的厨师，每天一放学回来就守在电视机前流口水，当时……苏衍揶揄她说……等他们结婚宴的那天，就请费威廉来给他们做饭……	A few years ago, she enjoyed watching the King's Wrestling, and her favorite one was the chef in it, Fey William, who kept his mouth watered in front of the TV every day when he came home from school, and when he was laughing at her, he invited Fey William to cook for them on the day of their wedding party.
呵，还真是，往事不堪回首……	Oh, it's true, things don't always turn out well.
</CHAPTER>	</CHAPTER>
</BOOK>	</BOOK>
"<BOOK id=""7"">"	"<BOOK id=""7"">"
"<CHAPTER id=""80"">"	"<CHAPTER id=""80"">"
第八十章 墨幽潭	CHAPTER 80 墨幽潭
两天后，方正直准备赶赴信河府参加府试。	Two days later, the party honestly prepared to go to Shinhe Prefecture to participate in the provincial examination.
与上次离开时的寂静不同的是，这一次，得知了方正直要走的消息，全村的村民们都一大清早便赶了过来。	Unlike the silence of the last time he left, this time the villagers of the whole village came to him early in the morning when they heard the news that the party was going to be honest.
各种吃的喝的往方正直的包里塞。	All kinds of food and drinks are served in a genuine package.
“正直啊，你放心去吧！村里有我们照顾着呢，府试过不过也没有关系，什么双榜榜首的，你也不要多想，尽力就好了！”	Honestly, you can rest assured that we will take care of you in the village. If you try, it doesn't matter. If you're in the top two, don't worry too much.
“对！主要就是尽力而为，年轻就是这点好，还可以再拼几年！”	"""Yes, it's about doing your best, and being young is good, and you can play for a few more years!"
秦雪莲扫了一眼周围议论的村民们，然后，将收拾好的包袱搭在银鳞甲的身上，又走到方正直的面前。	Qin Shulin took a look around the villagers who were discussing, then put the good luggage on the silver scales, and went to the honest face of the side.
“正儿，好好考！就算考不上也不丢脸！知道吗？”	Right now, take a good test! Even if you can't do it, don't be ashamed! You know?
方正直有些郁闷，自己都拿了双榜榜首了，怎么自己这位娘亲却还是不相信自己呢？自己可是亲生的啊！	To be honest, it's a bit sad, and I'm in the top two, but why don't I believe in my daughter? I'm in the top two!
不过，一想便也明白了。	But it's clear at first glance.
就像自己第一次上山打猎时一样，秦雪莲并不要求自己打到猎物，她要的仅仅就是“平安”二字，所以，她并不想要方正直有何的压力。	"Just like when she first went up to the mountain to hunt, Qin did not ask herself to hunt, she only wanted the two words ""peace,"" so she did not want to have any pressure to be honest."
或许，这才是一个母亲对儿子的爱，无私的爱。	Perhaps this is the love a mother has for her son, the selfless love.
“正儿，一路上要小心些！”方厚德站在银鳞马旁边，将一把草料喂到马嘴里，又用剩下的一只手摸了摸银鳞马，情间透着浓浓的不舍。	Right now, be careful on the way! He stood by the silver-scale horse, feeding it with a piece of grass in the mouth, and touching the silver-scale horse with the rest of his hand with a thick, thick feeling.
一个父亲，就算是再舍不得，也不会表现出来，或许，方厚德就是这样的人，他情愿将这份不舍放在银鳞马上。	A father, even if he refused to give up, would not show up, and perhaps this is the kind of man that generosity is, who would willingly put this unwillingness on a silver scale at once.
道别了村民们，在村口的时候又被张阳平给拦了下来。	After saying goodbye to the villagers, Zhang Yangping stopped them again at the village gate.
“这些碎银子你拿着，一路上总要花一点，也不要太省了！”张阳平将一个鼓鼓的钱袋丢了过来。	"""You'll have to spend a little on the way, and don't waste too much on these pieces of silver,"" Zhang Yangping said."
方正直倒也没有拒绝，虽然他身上还留了张一百两的银票，但是，这个钱袋里面代表的是张阳平对自己寄予的厚望。	Frankly, he did not refuse, even though he had left a hundred and two silver bills, but the money in the bag represented Zhang Yangping's sincere hope for himself.
“谢谢阳平伯伯！”方正直道了声谢。	"""Thank you, Count Yang Ping,"" said the man honestly."
“走吧！”张阳平摆了摆手。	"""Let's go,"" Zhang Yang Ping shook his hand."
方正直一拉马缰，银鳞马发出一声长嘶，朝着前面狂奔而去。	He straightened the reins of the horse, and the silver scales made a long hiss, and ran toward the front.
“一定要记住，就算这次府试考不过去，也没关系！我和全村都会一直继续支持你的！千万别不好意思回来啊！”	Remember, even if this exam is not over, it doesn't matter! I and the whole village will continue to support you! Don't be sorry to come back!
身后，传来张阳平的喊声。	Behind him, there was a scream of Zhang Yangping.
而方正直则是撇了撇嘴，什么叫考不过去啊？	And the honesty of the side is left behind, what does not pass the examination?
一般来说，考生赴考一直都有着结伴而行的传统，这里的原因除了能够互相照顾之外，更多的便是为了安全。	In general, there has always been a tradition of accompanying candidates to the examination, and the reason for this is more than being able to take care of each other, but also for safety.
从怀安县到信河府，骑马也要跑上半个月，其中更是不泛山路和偏僻之地。	From Wyan County to Shin River Prefecture, horseback riding would take half a month, especially in unpaved mountain roads and remote areas.
方正直因为在怀安县内耽搁了几天，后来又回了一趟北山村，所以时间上面相对就紧张了一些。	Honestly, because of the delay of a few days in Wyan County, he returned to the northern mountain village, so the time was relatively tense.
等到他赶回到怀安县的时候，结队而行的考生们已经走得差不多了。	By the time he got back to Wynn County, the candidates who were marching in the line were nearly gone.
没有办法，只能独马而行。	There is no way, only by horse.
一路之上策马狂奔，溅起一尾烟尘，运气确实相当的不错，一直跑了八天，才让他碰上一队打劫的山匪。	On the way up the horse ran, splashed a dust, and luck was pretty good indeed, ran for eight days, until he came across a band of robbers.
“打劫！”几名抄着马刀的山匪拦住了方正直的去路。	"""The robbery! "" Several bandits with horse-guns stopped the honest way."
而在那几名山匪开口的同时，山路两边的草丛中也现出十多名拉着弓箭的山匪，每一个人手上的铁弓都拉成了满月。	At the same time as the mountain bandits opened, there appeared in the grass on both sides of the road more than ten mountain bandits with bow and arrow, each man's iron bow being drawn to the full moon.
一根根寒光闪烁的箭头，更是对准了方正直的咽喉。	One of the roots of the arrows flickered brightly, even more to the right side of the throat.
或许，方正直只需要说出一个“不”字，便能马上领会到漫天箭雨的酸爽……	"Perhaps, to be honest, you just have to say a ""no"" to get to the acidity of the rain."
在方正直被打劫的时候，信河府内却已经炸开了锅。	At the time of the robbery, the boiler had been blown up inside Shinhe-fu.
信河府，信河之源，背靠高山，山上一汪碧潭，名为墨幽潭，正是信河水源的起源之地，潭中修有一座白玉王像，静立于潭中，长年受四方才子叩拜。	The name of the lake is the same as the name of the water source of the river, and there is a statue of the white jade king built in the lake, standing still in the lake, and worshipped for many years by the four-sided geniuses.
而如今，这墨幽潭下却是聚集着无数锦衣华服的才子们。	Nowadays, under the lake, there are countless talents dressed in gold.
有的面露微笑，淡然行走，时不时饮一口潭水，开口吟上几句赞词，也有的携美而坐，观山，观水，观人潮涌动。	Some face smiles, walks lightly, sometimes drinks a cup of pool water, opens and sings a few words of praise, there are also beautifully seated, see mountains, see water, see people float.
水，万物之灵。有水之地，自然就免不了有古曲雅致的茶楼。	Water, the spirit of all things. Where there is water, there must be an ancient and elegant teahouse.
只需要挂上几句“墨幽潭水独一饮，山中高处有人家”之类的诗词，便立马才子佳人汇聚，就算价钱高上几倍，亦扫不了这样的雅兴。	"Just hanging up a few verses such as ""The water is the only drink in the lake, and there is a house in the mountains high,"" will gather the talented and good people, even if the price is several times higher, and will not sweep away such elegance."
一身华服的燕修算是来往墨幽潭这群才子中的异类，虽然并没有像那些才子们一样吟诗画，但是，耐不住他有钱。	A swallow dressed in a robe was a stranger among the talented men who came to the lake, and though he did not sing and paint like those talented men, he could not bear to have money.
所以，墨幽潭中最好的观景阁楼便被他给占了去。而且还被他一口气包下一个月。	So he took over the best viewing mansion in the lake, and he wrapped it up for a month.
跟一个人处得久了，身上便也多少沾了些对方的习性，就比如紮须大汉现在的态，不言不语，不怒不笑。	Having been with a man for a long time, the person's body also touched some habits of the other person, such as the present state of the big-haired man, not talking, not angry, not laughing.
当然了，与燕修的冷漠比起来，紮须大汉之方面的功力还是要差上一些。	Of course, in comparison with Yan Shu's indifference, the strength of Zhu Zhu's great Han is still a little better.
阁楼之中，一名侍女恭敬坐立在桌前，双手翻飞间，为燕修彻着茶，而燕修则是一脸冷淡的看着不断涌现在墨幽潭边的各方才子们。	In the attic, a maid of honor sat in front of the table, flipping her hands, and pouring tea for Yan Shu, while Yan Shu looked coldly at the young men of all sides of the lake.
阁楼之下，一处当得上热闹的桌前，几名穿着锦衣的才子们一边摇晃着脑袋，一边略显兴奋的议论着。	Underneath the attic, in front of a lively table, several young men in jackets shook their heads and talked a little excitedly.
“快看，又有一个潜龙榜的人来到信河府了！”	"""Look, there's another diver who's come to Shinhe-fu!"
“你是说康兴平吧？虽然康兴平也入了潜龙榜第八十名，但是，与现在的信河府中那几位比，可是要差得太远了啊！”	"""You mean Kangxiangping? Although Kangxiangping is also in the eightyth place on the Diving Dragons list, it is far too far behind the current number of places in Shinhe Province!"
“确实啊，没想到不过是一个府试而已，居然引得这么多的人不远千里赶来信河府！唐玉成，潜龙榜第三十五名，观印境巅峰的实力！还有章和通，潜龙榜二十八名，两年前便已经达到观印境巅峰的实力，听说都已经摸到了聚星境的门槛了。”	"""It's true, I didn't think it was just a test, but it attracted so many people to Shinhe Province thousands of miles away! Tang Yuzeng, the third-fifth-ranked dragon in the list, the top-ranked dragon in the list! And Zhao Zhong, the twenty-eighth-ranked dragon in the list, had reached the top-ranked dragon in the list two years ago, and I heard that they had reached the threshold of the world of stars."
“特别是那个花康安！潜龙榜第二十名，聚星境实力，同时还位列升龙榜！没想到居然也跑到了信河府！”	""" Especially that Han Kangan! Diving dragon list 20th place, multi-star power, and at the same time ranked up dragon list! I didn't expect to run to Shinhe Province! """
几名才子们一边议论，一边发出一阵阵感叹。	Several of the young men exclaimed as they discussed.
“看来这次信河府的府试不好过啊，我都想换到别的府城去了，在这信河府参试，真是一种折磨啊！”	"""It seems that the test in Shin River was bad, and I'd like to change to another town. It's a torture to test in Shin River!"
“想法是好的，可是现在想要换府城？怎么换？光路程就赶不过去了！而且，这次信河府的参试人虽然多，但是，好处却是百年难得一见啊！要不然你真当这些人为什么全跑到信河府来啊？”	It's a good idea, but now you want to change the city. How do you change it? It's a long way to go! And, even though there are a lot of people to try this time, the advantage is that it's a hundred years hard to see! Otherwise, why do you really go to Shinhe-fu when all these people are here?
“李兄说的极是，哈哈哈……我也就开个玩笑，其实我等又何尝不是为此而来？”	Mr. Li said very well, ha ha ha ha... I'm joking too, actually I'm waiting for what else is not coming for this?
燕修静静的坐在阁楼上听着，面色冷漠，没有说一句话，也没有理会彻茶的侍女，只是手上的金骨银丝纸扇却是下意识的捏紧了。	Sitting quietly in the attic, Yan Shu listened with a cold face, without saying a word, and without understanding the maid-in-waiting, only the gold-bone-silver paper fan in his hand was unconsciously tightened.
</CHAPTER>	</CHAPTER>
</BOOK>	</BOOK>
