source	target
"<BOOK id=""1"">"	< < < <
"<CHAPTER id=""1"">"	< < < <
第一章 新的旅程	Chapter 1 The New Journey
狂风吹过峡谷，在草原上掀起了阵阵波澜。	The wind blows through the valley and raises waves on the grass.
正在俯首啃食着青嫩草叶的野牛抬起头来，望向天空。	The cattle, which were bowing and eating the leaves of the green grass, lifted their heads and looked at the sky.
在那里，一艘数十米长的木制商船正悬浮在空中，满张的船帆在风的吹动向鼓起，向前缓慢的移动着。	There was a wooden merchant vessel, several hundred feet long, floating in the air.
“无论什么时候看，这风潮都是如此壮观。”	"""Whatever you look at, the tide is so spectacular."
身穿皮甲的中年男子站在甲板旁，向下俯瞰着这一望无际的草原与美景。	A middle-aged man, standing by the deck, looked down at this imposing grass and beauty.
“对于我们商人来说，这也是难得的商机。”	It's a difficult business for us businessmen.
站在中年男子身边的，是一个略微有些肥胖的商人，他留着一头古怪的卷发，穿着商人的长袍，两只小眼睛微微眯起，活象是在算计什么似的注视着眼前的风景，看他的样子，仿佛就连眼前的这副美景，都可以拿去卖钱似的。	Standing beside the middle-aged man was a slightly fat merchant, with a strange curl, wearing the merchant's robe, with two small eyes squinting, looking at the scenery before him, as if even the scenery before him could be taken to sell.
“如果没有它的话，恐怕我们也不可能这么快的将货物运入中央地区。”	"""I'm afraid we wouldn't be able to get the goods to the central area so quickly without it. """
“说实话，我当初打算开扩这片市场时还曾经遭人反对，不过现在看起来，我的选择的确是正确的。”	"""To tell you the truth, when I was planning to expand the market, I had some objections, but now it looks like my choice is really right."
“但是，请恕我直言，您没有选择大型航道，反而从这里走，虽然会节省时间，不过危险程度也会提高。”	"""But, forgive me, you have not chosen a large route, but have gone from here, which saves time, but increases the risk."""
“听说最近另外一边可不安宁啊。而且，我想您也听船长提醒过了，这附近最近似乎有风蛇出没，万一………”	And I think you've heard from the captain that there seems to have been a snake out there recently, in case...
男子的面色变的有些凝重，他转过头，将视线投向了不远处的山脉。	The man's face wasted, and he turned his head, and turned his eyes to the near mountains.
高耸入云的山峰挡住了他的视线，看不到后面是什么样子。	The high clouds stopped him from seeing what was behind.
但是依稀可以看见，在那远方的天空并不是湛蓝纯粹，而是带着一抹阴沉的黑暗。	But rarely can be seen that far sky is not pure blue, but with a shade of darkness.
那并不是他们应该涉足的世界。	That's not the world they should be in.
“放心吧，哪有那么多万一，富贵险中求，这就是我花那么大价钱雇佣你们的原因！”	"""Don't worry,"" he said, ""I've been hiring you for so long, because there's so much of it,"" he said."
“区区几条蛇而已，不是吗？”	There are only a few snakes, aren't there?
商人伸出手去，拍了拍男子的肩膀。	The merchant extended his hand and clapped the man's shoulder.
“对了，我们救上来那个年轻人现在怎么样了？”	"""Yes, but what about the young man who we rescued?"""
“还没有死吧。”	Don't be dead yet.
“莉洁已经为他包扎了伤口，现在他正在昏睡，应该不会有什么生命危险。”	"""She's already wrapped up for him, and now he's asleep, and there should be no danger of his life."""
“这样就好。”	It'll be fine.
听到男子的回答，商人满意的点了点头，不过随后他很快就皱起了眉。	Hearing the man's answer, the merchant nodded satisfactorily, but soon afterwards he frowned.
“但是，那个年轻人究竟是受的什么伤啊，从那伤口来看，很象是大蜥——不过帕菲尔德北部有这种古怪的东西吗？”	But what wound did the young man have, and from the wound it looked like a great lizard-but is there any strange thing in the north of Pafield?
“我也不清楚，大人，不过想来应该是非常凶猛的野兽，希望我们不要碰上就好了。”	"""I don't know, sir, but it's supposed to be a very fierce beast, and I hope we don't meet it."""
说着，男子下意识的扫了一眼船舱的入口，随后他重新转过头，望向前方。	said the man, unconsciously sweeping the entrance of the cabin, then he turned again, looking forward.
罗德睁开了眼睛。	Rod opened his eyes.
发生了什么事？	What's happened?
他茫然的注视着眼前的天花板，大脑一片昏沉。	He stared blankly at the ceiling in front of him.
他记得自己之前应该是在废墟高台上率领团队和龙魂大陆之中最强大的boss虚空之龙战斗，而且成功的拿到了首杀，他确定自己得到了成就与系统提示，而接着，虚空之龙的最后一击也带走了他的生命。	He remembers that he was supposed to lead the team on the ruined platform and fight the most powerful boss of the Dragon Soul, and successfully got the first kill, he is sure he got the achievement and the system, and then the last shot of the Dragon Dragon took his life.
本来按照原本的计划，罗德应该会在墓地复活，然后下线登出。	As originally planned, Rod would be resurrected to the cemetery, and then go down the line.
但是就在他被虚空之龙打死的瞬间，整个世界立刻变的一片漆黑，仿佛被强制隔离了一般，随后，罗德便失去了意识。	But as soon as he was killed by the empty dragon, the whole world instantly turned into a darkness, as if forced to be isolated, and then Rod lost consciousness.
这怎么可能？	How is that possible?
难道说是游戏出了什么问题？	What's wrong with the game?
罗德勉强转过头，可以从窗口看见外面的蓝天和白云，自己是在哪里？	Rod turned his head and saw from the window the blue sky and the white clouds outside, where was he?
这里是什么地方？	What is this place?
究竟发生了什么事？	What exactly happened?
他还在做梦？	Is he still dreaming?
还是自己依然在游戏里？	Or are you still in the game?
至少罗德可以肯定，眼下的这个地方绝对不是自己那间狭小的出租公寓。	At least Rod can be sure this place is definitely not his own small rented apartment.
想到这里，疑惑立刻涌上了罗德的心头，他皱了下眉头，接着试图坐起身来。	Thinking of this, doubt immediately poured into Rod's heart, he frowned, then tried to sit up.
“呜！！！”	"""Wow!"""
而就在这时，一股巨痛忽然从罗德的胸口传来，他咬住牙关，停下动作。	Just then, a huge pain came out of Rod's chest, and he bit his toothbrush and stopped.
而这时罗德才发现，自己的左肩和胸部，已经完全被绷带包裹住，虽然不知道发生了什么事，但是从那上面正在渗透的斑斑血迹来看，自己显然受伤不轻。	Only then did Rod find that his left shoulder and chest had been completely bandaged, although he did not know what had happened, but from the stain that was pervading above, he was clearly injured.
这绝对不是游戏！	It's definitely not a game!
罗德可以肯定这一点，要知道虽然科技现在已经相当发达，而做为全世界第一个虚拟全境网游的龙魂大陆也有运用不少高科技技术。但是按照规则，玩家是不可能体会到疼痛的，这是为了让人将现实与游戏区分开来，同时也有着降低玩家门槛的考虑。	Rod can be sure of this, knowing that although technology is now quite advanced, as the world's first virtual all-round online game, Dragon has also used a lot of high-tech technology. But according to the rules, players are not able to experience pain, this is to separate people from reality from the game, and there are also considerations of lowering the player threshold.
而在玩家受伤时，代替疼痛，游戏会利用降低玩家的行动速度，用代表危急的红色来遮挡视线等一系列用来干扰玩家正常游戏的方式进行警告和提醒，而不是真正的模拟出痛苦来。	Instead of pain, when a player is injured, the game uses a series of warnings and reminders that interfere with the player's normal game, such as blocking his eyes with a dangerous red, rather than simulating pain.
这种行为在全息模拟技术刚刚出现时就在社会上引起过相当大的争论，龙魂大陆的运营公司自然不可能不知道这一点。	This behavior has caused considerable controversy in society since the emergence of full-spectrum imaging technology.
罗德低下头，注视着自己的右手，那并不是游戏中自己所塑造的角色，不是那个充满了肌肉和野性的身躯。	Rod lowered his head and looked at his right hand, which was not the role he had shaped in the game, not the one full of muscles and wild bodies.
相反，眼前的这只手臂纤细瘦弱，因为常年没有照射到太阳的缘故，皮肤有些病态的苍白。	On the contrary, this arm in front of us is thin and weak, because of the lack of sunlight in the year, the skin is somewhat diseased pale.
这是现实中自己的身体，他很清楚这一点。	It's his body in reality, he's aware of.
但是，自己怎么会受了伤的？	But how did you get hurt?
而且，这里也不象是医院啊？	And it's not like a hospital?
罗德抬头望去，整个房间看起来好像是个舱室，没有灯，也没有电话，更没有呼叫铃。	Rod looked up and the whole room looked like a cabin, with no lights, no telephones, no calls.
一张木桌，两把椅子以及一个固定在墙边的柜子就是这里的全部家当。	A wooden table, two chairs, and a cabinet fixed to the wall are all the homework here.
不知道为什么，罗德觉得自己似乎在什么地方见到过这个场景似的。	I don't know why Rod feels like he's seen the scene somewhere.
而就在罗德仔细打量这个房间时，门忽然打开了。	And it was when Rod looked at the room, that the door suddenly opened.
一个穿着白袍的金发少女走进了房间，她望着半坐起来的罗德，有些惊讶的睁大了双眼。	A blonde girl in her white dress entered the room, and looked at half-seated Rod, and opened her eyes to some surprise.
“你醒了？太好了！！”	"""Are you awake?"
少女口中所说的并不是汉语，也不是英语，但是罗德却能够清楚的理解她在说什么。	What the girl said was not Chinese or English, but Rod could clearly understand what she was saying.
这让罗德都不由的有些吃惊，他知道这种语言。	This was surprising to Rod, who knew the language.
这是尼姆语，龙魂大陆的官方语言之一！	This is one of the official languages of the Dragon.
“感觉怎么样？还好吗？”	How are you feeling?
但是少女并没有在意罗德的表情，她迅速走到了罗德的身边，仔细的检查起了他的左肩和胸口。	But the girl didn't care about Rod's expression, she quickly went to Rod's side, carefully examined his left shoulder and chest.
“你的伤可真严重，坦白说，我都有些担心你能不能撑住……”	"""Your wounds are so severe, frankly, that I am a little worried about you being able to hold on..."""
“这是………”	"""This is..."""
罗德皱了下眉头，却不知道该怎么说，他转过头去，望向旁边墙上的镜子，那里清晰的倒映着自己的面孔，那的确是他的脸没有错，但是却不应该出现在这里才对啊。	Rhode frowned, but he didn't know what to say, and turned his head, and looked at the mirror beside the wall, where his face was clearly reflected, and that was indeed his face, but it shouldn't have been here.
“你忘记了吗？”	Have you forgotten?
金发少女有些疑惑的眨了眨她的眼睛，两边的马尾也伴随着她的动作微微晃动，湛蓝色的双眼清澈透明，给人一种活泼的感觉。	The blonde blinked her eyes with some suspicion, the tail on both sides also accompanied her movement slightly, the blue eyes clear, to give one a feeling of life.
“在两天前，你倒在帕菲尔德山原里，受了相当严重的伤。”	"""Two days ago, you fell in the hills of Pafield, and suffered a very serious injury."
“如果不是‘银色天枰’商会的货船经过的话，恐怕就相当不妙了。”	"""I'm afraid it would have been rather strange if the merchant vessel of the silver merchant hadn't passed by."
“真不知道你究竟是和什么战斗，左边的身体受到了相当严重的伤害，那个时候可真是非常的危险啊。”	"""I don't know what you're fighting with,"" he said. ""It was very dangerous at that time,"" he said."
等等，左肩？	Wait, left shoulder?
罗德愣了一愣，他立刻想起来，自己之前在和虚空之龙战斗的最后，不就是左侧受到了攻击吗？	Rhode washed his eyes, and immediately thought, was it not the left that he had been attacked at the end of his battle with the Emperor?
可是那是自己在游戏中的人物受伤，和玩家本身应该没有关系才对吧，但是现在，受伤的却是他本人？	But it's the player who's injured, and it shouldn't have anything to do with the player himself, but now it's the player who's injured?
虽然眼前的事态是一片混乱，但是罗德还是很快就冷静了下来，这是他作为一个顶级玩家和全世界最强大的网游公会会长的心理素质。	Although the situation is a mess, but Rod quickly calm down, this is the psychological quality of him as a top player and the world's most powerful board president.
而在和眼前这位金发少女的交谈中，罗德也得知了自己现在的情况，他身受重伤倒在帕菲尔德平原之中，而银色天枰商会的浮空船则正巧路过，便将他救了上来。	In his conversation with the blonde in front of him, Rhode also learned of his present situation, where he was heavily wounded in the plains of Pafield, and the silver merchant's floating vessel passed by and rescued him.
根据这位金发少女的说法，罗德一开始的情况很不乐观，但是他的恢复能力却相当不错。	According to the blonde, Rod was not optimistic at first, but his recovery was quite good.
“我叫莉洁.诺艾露，是星月佣兵团的成员，一名灵师，叫我莉洁就可以了。”	My name is Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li
少女大大方方的对罗德进行了自我介绍。	The girl introduced herself to Rod.
“我叫罗德.艾兰特。”	My name is Rod Allen.
虽然还没有办法整理眼前的状况，但是罗德略一犹豫，还是报上了自己在游戏里的身份和id。	Although there was no way to settle the situation before, Rod was a little hesitant, and reported his identity and ID in the game.
“来自东方山原，是一名冒险者。”	"""He's an adventurer from the Eastern Mountains."""
“冒险者，原来如此，所以你才会孤身一人在那么遥远的深山里啊。”	Adventurer, that's why you're alone in such a remote mountain.
听到罗德的回答，莉洁并没有感到意外，因为在这片大陆上，有不少冒险者都喜欢独自一人进行四处探索，所以罗德报上的这个身份并没有什么太大的问题。	When she heard Rod's answer, she was not surprised, because on this continent there are many adventurers who like to explore on their own, so there was no big problem with the Rod's identity.
“不过，你究竟是在和什么战斗？”	But what are you fighting with?
“为什么会受这么重的伤？”	"""Why do you get such a big wound?"
“我记得在这片平原地区，应该没什么特别可怕的怪物才对啊。”	"""I remember there weren't any very scary monsters in this area,"" he said."
听到少女的询问，罗德有些为难的笑了笑。	Hearing the girl's inquiry, Rod laughed a little hard.
他能够说什么，难道告诉莉洁，自己是在和被称之为创世五龙之一的虚空之龙战斗时受伤的？	What could he have said that he had been injured in a battle with one of the so-called Creation's Five Dragons?
“因为我是在夜晚遭受到攻击的，所以我也没有看清楚对方究竟是什么，它们数量很多，速度也快，我想，或许是‘那边’的东西吧。”	"""Because I was attacked at night, I didn't know what the other was, they were so many, they were so fast, I thought, maybe it was something over there."
“我明白了。”	"""I understand."
虽然罗德没有详细说明，但是莉洁却似乎了解什么似的点了点头，接着她仔细的检查完罗德的伤口，这才站起身来。	Although Rod did not give any details, Li seemed to understand what was going on, then she examined Rod's wound carefully, and that was when she stood up.
“两天没有吃饭，我想你一定很饿了吧，请稍等，我现在立刻去弄些吃的来。”	"""I don't have dinner for two days. I think you must be very hungry."
“啊，对了，我还要向团长报告一下这件事，我想他很快就会来看你的。”	"""Oh, yes, I have to report to the chief, and I think he will come to see you soon."""
说完这番话，少女便很有礼貌的向罗德微微点了点头，接着转身走出了房间。	At the end of the saying, the girl was very polite, nodded to Rod, and then turned out of the room.
</CHAPTER>	< < <
</BOOK>	</>
"<BOOK id=""1064"">"	"<BOOK id=""10"">"
"<CHAPTER id=""1064"">"	< < < < < <
第一千零六十四章 箭头公司的末日	CHAPTER 16 The End of Arrow Company
在迫击炮的压制下，基地内混乱异常，根本没有人注意到有这么一支特种部队混入到了营地内。	Under pressure from the mortars, the chaos of the base was extraordinary, and no one had noticed that such a special force had entered the camp.
几乎没有费多大功夫，库特波夫便在预定目标上放置了信标，然后带着小队从基地中撤出，安全抵达撤离点后，呼叫了空袭。	Without much effort, Kutpov placed a message on the pre-determined target, then took the small team out of the base, securely reached the departure point, and called for an air strike.
很快，俄罗斯隐形轰炸机从云层上方呼啸而过，投下的四枚航弹准确地命中了基地内两座弹药库与两座燃料库。	Shortly afterwards, Russian hidden bombers wandered over the clouds, dropping four torpedoes that accurately shot down two ammunition and two fuel tanks inside the base.
爆炸的冲击波扫过整个营地，直接吹垮了周围一圈的混凝土建筑。	The blast swept through the camp and directly knocked down a circle of concrete.
殉爆的弹药与燃烧的火团在营地内横飞，引起了一连串的连锁反应，到处都是是火焰，到处都是血和尸体。	The explosives and burning fires flew through the camp, causing a series of chain reactions, all around flames, all around blood and bodies.
驻守在营地内的亲卫旅顿时折损近半，剩下的人也多数带伤，几乎找不出个完整的人来。	Almost half of the guards stationed in the camp were destroyed, and most of the remaining were wounded, and they could hardly find a complete man.
医疗兵扛着担架在基地中穿行，搜寻着失去行动力的伤员。	Medical personnel carrying loads were marching through the base, searching for casualties who lost their ability to act.
工兵穿着厚重的防爆服，冒死冲进火场，从废墟中拖出尚未殉爆的弹药。	Workers,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
还能动的士兵全都动了起来，寻找着自己的队伍集结。	All the soldiers who were still moving were moving, looking for their own troops.
萨尔德斯望着窗外的火光，呆滞的瞳孔中渐渐印上了一层绝望。	Sardes looked at the lights outside the window, and in his stubborn eyes was a gradual sign of despair.
浓烟遮蔽了整个基地，火光将整片夜空都染成了红色，简直就如世界末日一样。	The thick smoke covered the whole base, the light of the whole night sky dyed red, just like the end of the world.
“谢特……”	"""Shet..."""
喃喃自语着，他挪动着灌铅似得双腿，缓缓离开了窗边。	murmuring, he moved, like two legs, slowly out of the window.
转过身，他与指挥部的参谋对上了视线。	He turned and the commander's staff were in sight.
“长官，我们……该怎么办？”	What should we do, sir?
爆炸的余波总算是平息，基地中不再有弹药殉爆的声音响起，然而所有人的心情都无法平静，从爆炸中逃过一劫的佣兵们很清楚，接下来才是他们噩梦的开始。	The remaining waves of the explosion were quiet, no more explosives were heard in the base, but the mood of all was not calm, and it was clear to the mercenaries who had escaped from the explosion that the next was the beginning of their nightmare.
先前的爆炸仿佛点燃了某种信号，吹响了萨米军进攻的号角。	The previous explosion seemed to light up some signal, to sound the signal of the Sami attack.
在江晨的授意下，萨米抓住这稍纵即逝的机会，站在所有人的面前振臂高呼，带着剩下的暴.民冲上了前线。	With the blessing of the morning, Sam took the opportunity to pass a little, stood before all, shouted, with the rest of the violence.
六千余人在苔原上奔跑，冲向火光闪烁的松林。	More than six thousand people ran to the pine trees shining with fire.
远远地望去，那场面甚是壮观。	Looking far, the scene was spectacular.
而与此同时，望着背后基地处飘起的浓烟，所有在前线作战的佣兵们都陷入了恐慌，原本高昂的士气在一瞬间跌落至谷底。	At the same time, looking at the smoke floating behind the base, all the mercenaries fighting on the front line fell into panic, the original high spirit fell to the bottom of the valley in a moment.
当面对如潮水般扑来的暴民时，即使他们有那个实力稳住防线，也无心再战斗下去了。	When faced with the storm, even if they had the strength to hold the line, they were unwilling to fight again.
没有任何悬念，箭头公司的防线被冲破，顽抗的佣兵在萨米军的人海战术面前溃不成军。	There was no doubt, the line of the arrow company was broken, the resistance of the mercenaries in front of the Sami people's sea tactics.
一部分人逃回了燃着大火的基地内，但大多数的人都当了逃兵，逃向了树林深处。	Some fled back to the burning base, but most fled as soldiers, fled to the depth of the forest.
不需要江晨提醒，即使是头猪也该知道，这时候应该做些什么。	There's no need for the morning reminder, even the head pig should know what should be done at this time.
看着萨米带着暴民开始攻打军事基地，江晨收起了手上的望远镜，从储物空间中召出了事先准备好的越野摩托，轻轻拍了拍阿伊莎的后背。	Looking at Sammy with the rebels begin to attack the military base, E morning took up the telescope in his hand, summoned from the storage space the pre-prepared越野摩托, gently hit Aisha's back.
“差不多了，我们也出发吧。”	Almost, let's go too.
“嗯！”	"""Well!"""
阿伊莎点头应道，等江晨坐上摩托后，动作灵敏的跨坐在了他身后。	Aisha pointed at him, and as soon as the river sat on the motor, a moving cross sat behind him.
引擎呜呜地轰鸣了声，轮胎刨起了一层碎雪。	The engine whispered and the tires scratched a piece of snow.
江晨骑着越野摩托冲下了山坡，带着阿伊莎绕到了基地侧面，将摩托停在了路边，从储物空间中抖出了激光剑，拿在手中随意地比划了两下，不费吹灰之力地便切开了钢丝编织的防护墙。	Jiang ran down the hills on his overseas motor, took Aisha to the side of the base, parked the motor on the side of the road, shivered the laser sword out of the storage space, took in his hand more than two strokes, without abrasion, cut off the wire-woven protective wall.
整个基地都沉浸在火与混乱中，时不时还能听见迫击炮的爆响，所有能扛枪的佣兵都顶上了前线，与暴.民们争夺着基地正门的控制权。	The whole base washed away by fire and confusion, and from time to time there were bursts of mortar, and all the mercenaries who could carry the guns were on the front line, fighting with the mob for control of the base gate.
除了一个警卫班守在指挥部前，整个大后方已经看不到什么人了。	Aside from one guard in front of the command, the whole rear has seen no one.
对于江晨和阿伊莎来说，这和不设防根本没什么两样。	There's nothing like this to Jiangshan and to Aisha.
一共十名警卫，两名警卫站在哨塔上，其余八名分别站在一楼和二楼的入口处。	A total of ten guards stood on the guard tower, and the remaining eight guards stood at the entrance to the first and second floors, respectively.
阿伊莎取出鬼魂狙击步枪，悄无声息地解决了那两个站在哨塔上的警卫，然后利用视野的死角，逐一击毙了楼上楼下的八人。	Aysa took out the ghost sniper rifle, quietly settled the two guards standing on the guard tower, then used the dead angle of vision, to kill each of the eight downstairs.
待阿伊莎解决了指挥部外的警卫班，江晨取出了步枪，抬步向正门走去，就在他经过门口那辆悍马车时，却是正好撞上了从指挥部内仓皇逃出的萨尔德斯，以及指挥部的参谋。	As soon as Aisha had settled the guards outside the command, Eangshan took out his rifle and marched toward the main door, just as he passed through the door of the Hummer, but just as he crashed into Sardes, who had escaped from the command, and the command's officers.
对上视线，双方明显都愣了下。	To the upper view, both sides obviously froze.
那名参谋最先反应了过来，立刻将手伸进怀中掏枪，然而他的手还没摸到胸口，便被反应更快的阿伊莎爆了头。	The Chief of Staff first reacted, immediately extending his hand into his chest, but his hand had not touched his chest, and soon Aisha had blown his head.
萨尔德斯正想反抗，却被江晨轻松控制住，反剪着双手按在了一旁的悍马车上。	Sardes was trying to resist, but was easily controlled by River morning, with his hands pressed on one side of the Hummer.
“萨尔德斯，男，43岁。”	"""Saldes, man, 43."""
“任箭头公司总经理，兼任最高指挥官，我说的对吗？”	"""He's the managing director and the commander in chief,"" I said."
虽然是第一次见面，但戴在江晨头上连通着幽灵特工数据库的全息头盔中，却存储有他的照片和个人信息。	Though it was the first time they met, they stored his photographs and personal information in a full breath helmet linked to the Enterprise's database.
仅仅是一个照面，关于他的情报便投影在了全息屏幕上。	Just a face, about his information is projected on the full-screen.
脸被按在车盖上，这萨尔德斯到也算硬气，愣是不愿投降，咬牙切齿地说道。	His face was pressed on the top of the car, and the sadness of it was that he refused to surrender, he said, tearing his teeth.
“我什么都不会说，你杀了我吧……”	"""I won't say anything. you kill me..."""
“杀了你？”	Killed you
“我还什么都没问呢。”	"""I didn't ask anything."
江晨咧嘴笑了笑，根本没在意他那不合作的态度，腾出右手掏出来一支针管，毫不客气地扎在了他的后肩。	Jiang, grinning, had no regard for his uncooperative attitude, took out a needle from his right hand, and unkindly stuck it to his back shoulder.
“唔——！”	"""Well-"""
喉咙发出一声抗拒的嘶吼，萨尔德斯圆瞪着布满血丝的双眼，但很快瞳孔中的神采便黯淡了下去。	His throat whispered, and Sardes stared with bloody eyes, but soon the glory of his eyes faded.
江晨干脆松开了擒住他的手，普通人注射了吐真剂还能反抗，根本不存在这种先例。	Jiang's hands were loose, and ordinary people who injected tobacco could resist, and there was no such precedent.
将萨尔德斯翻了个面，江晨一字一顿地问道。	He turned his face, and asked the morning.
“卡门在哪？”	"""Where is Carmen?"
“地下掩体……的研究所内。”	"""In the laboratory of underground cover."""
“地下掩体在哪？”	"""Where is the underground?"
“入口在基地正中央，只能通过升降梯进入。”	"""The entrance is in the center of the base and can only be entered through the stairs. """
“入口的旁边有两座停机坪，你走过去就能看到。”	There are two stops next to the entrance, which you can see if you walk past.
一问一答，很快江晨便得到了想要的情报。	As soon as Jiang had the information he wanted.
“很好，现在你可以如愿了。”	"""Well, you can do it now."
江晨掏出手枪对着他的脑袋补了一枪，然后将他的尸体丢在了一边。	Jiangshan took out a gun to his head, then dropped his body aside.
这是个相当痛快的死法，但对于威名远扬的箭头公司总经理萨尔德斯先生，以这种默默无闻的形式死去，或许比死亡本身更令他痛苦……如果死人会痛苦的话。	It was a rather painful death, but for Mr. Sardes, the managing director of the famous arrow company, to die in such a silent form, perhaps more painful than death itself.. if the dead were to suffer.
“地下掩体么。”	"""The underground."""
望向基地中央的方向，江晨的嘴角勾起了一抹冷笑。	Looking toward the center of the base, Jiang's mouth corner raised a cold laugh.
无论卡门还在图谋着什么，他的好运也该到头了。	No matter what Carmen is trying to do, his good fortune should have come to the end.
罗斯柴尔德家族的命运将如同他们开始的那样，因为一场战争声名鹊起，因为一场战争默默无闻地死去……	The fate of the Rothschild family will be as they began, because of a war fame, because of a war death silently...
然而就在这时，远处传来了一声凄厉的尖啸。	At this moment, however, a terrible thunder came from far away.
</CHAPTER>	< < <
</BOOK>	</>
"<BOOK id=""1303"">"	"<BOOK id=""130"">"
"<CHAPTER id=""1303"">"	"<CHAPTER id=""130"">"
第1303章 ：只要你（1）	CHAPTER 1303
“你们这是干什么？！”	What are you doing?
东宫老爷子敲了敲手上的拐杖，声音带着怒气。	Their Lord knocked on his hand with a voice of anger.
“我们祖宗马上就到，请东宫老爷子稍安勿躁，要干什么，等会你就知道了。”带头的男人回道。	"""Our grandfather will come at once,"" said the man, ""please don't hesitate, for you will know what to do."""
东宫老爷子自然知道他口中的‘祖宗’指的是谁。	Grandpa of the East naturally knows who the 'grandfather' means in his mouth.
他有点不知所措，不知道裴逸为什么要来。	He's a little confused and doesn't know why he's here.
跟DK有过节可真不是什么好事，虽说在R国所有人都想要将DK赶出去，但根本做不到。	It's not a good thing to have a party withDK, although everyone in R wants to get out ofDK, but can't at all.
只是空想。	It's just a thought.
过了几分钟后，裴逸的车到了。	After a few minutes, Pei's car arrived.
他从车上下来，视线转移到不远处的车上。	He came down from the car, and the sight shifted to the nearest car.
安小柠看见他，并未摘面具和假发，从车上也下来了。	And little Lemon saw him, didn't pick up his mask and his hair, and came down from the car.
吴莲止紧随其后。	Wu Liang followed.
“你来了。”安小柠出声。	"""You're here,"" said Ann."
裴逸上下打量了她一眼，难得笑出声来，走到她面前，凑近她几分，压低声音说道，“哎哟，这群人看你这造型，也难以猜出是你吧？”	Pei looked up at her, laughed hard, came to her before, approached her by a few, and said, Oh, the people look at you, too hard to guess, are you
“当然了，就是不想让他们知道我的身份，所以才让你来的，现在还不是时候。”	Of course,I don't want them to know who I am, so I'm going to let you in, now's not the time.
裴逸下意识的瞥了一眼吴莲止，“你怎么跟他在一块？”	"Pei took a conscious glance at Wu, ""Why are you with him?"
“有事。”	There's something.
他直起身子，转过身来，脸上带着淡笑对东宫家的人说，“不知道我妹妹哪里惹到了你们东宫家族的人，竟想把她给杀了？”	"He straightened himself, turned, and said to the house, with a smile on his face, ""I don't know where my sister got the men of your house to kill her?"
“你们的胆子是长到了头顶上吗？”	Did your courage grow to the top of your head?
东宫家族的人一听，脸色瞬间变了，裴逸的妹妹？	As soon as the family heard, the face changed instantly, Pee's sister?
裴逸哪儿来的妹妹？	Where's Pee's sister?
东宫老太出声，“裴先生的妹妹……我们还真的一点都不知道呢。”	"""Mr. Pee's sister... we really don't know anything."""
“不知道好说，现在我告诉你们了。”	I don't know what to say, now I tell you.
裴逸冷声说道，“听的可清楚了？”	Pei said in a cold voice, Can you hear?
“既然裴先生说这是你的表妹，那请把你的表妹带走就行，至于东宫莲止，他的名字呢尚且在我家族族谱上，还未对这等逆孙除名，仍然还是我东宫家族的人，我们要如何处置他就是我们东宫家族的家事了。”	"""Now that Mr. Pei has said that is your sister, please take your sister with you,"" said Mr. Pei. ""As for Mr. Lin, whose name is not mentioned in my family register, but is still my family, how shall we deal with him as our family?"""
裴逸还没回答，安小柠见机行事喊了一声他，“哥哥，他是我男朋友，我现在肚子里有了他的骨肉，你不能扔下他啊。”	"Pei didn't answer, and little Liu said to him, ""Brother, he's my boyfriend, and now I have his bones in my belly, and you can't throw him away."
裴逸本来是想只带走她的，没想到现在倒是有些棘手了。	Pei had only wanted to take her, didn't think now it's a bit difficult.
不过，蛮横霸道也是他的风格，只要他想要干什么，这点事儿根本不叫事儿。	But he's kind of a bully, and it doesn't matter what he wants to do.
“老太婆，你也听见了，这位……也算是我的妹夫了，他们俩孩子都有了，把人交给你们，岂不是让孩子以后没有爸爸？”	"""Grandma,"" you heard, ""and this is my brother, and they have both children, and give them to you."""
“你觉得我会同意吗？”	Do you think I will agree?
东宫老太很清楚，把人让裴逸带走，那以后他们就没法正大光明的处置自己的这个孙子了，所以，虽然有些忌惮DK的势力，态度却不能弱下来。	It was too clear to the East Palace, to take away the people, then they would not be able to deal with their grandchildren in the light, so, although some fear the power of theDK, the attitude could not weaken.
“裴先生，这个恐怕不能，我们家有自己的家法，对于处置自家中人，外人不允许干涉。”	"""I'm afraid that's not possible,"" said Mr. Pei. ""We have our own family law, and no outsider is allowed to interfere in the handling of our own people."""
“都说，他是我妹妹肚子里孩子的爸爸呢，你是年纪大了，耳朵不好使了么？”	He's my sister's father. Are you old and have bad ears?
裴逸将目光转向吴莲止身上，“你来说，你是东宫家族的人么？”	Pei's eyes turned to Wu's, are you the family of the East Palace?
“今天早上，当我母亲给我送有毒饭菜的时候，我就已经当场和她决断了母女关系，此前，当东宫家族的人企图将我和安小姐以及他的属下设计成意外死亡的时候，我就已经很明确了，现在虽然东宫莲止这个名字还在族谱和东宫家族的户口簿上，但是，我现在已经不姓东宫了，我现在姓吴，吴莲止是我现在的名字，我已不是东宫家族的人！”	"""This morning, when my mother gave me a poisoned meal, I had already decided on the spot with her, before, when the family of the East were trying to design me and Miss Ann and his subordinates into an accidental death, I had already been very clear, now that the name of the East is still on the family register and the family of the East, but now I have no name of the East, now I have a name of Wu, Wu is the name I have now, I am no longer the family of the East!"""
字字慷锵有力，句句透着冷意。	Words are generous, Words are cold.
当着这么多人的面公然说出这番话，证明他的决意。	His determination was proved when he spoke to so many people.
“这不是你说的算的！”东宫老太说道，“入我东宫们，生是我们家的人，死是我们家的鬼！”	This is not what you say! said the old man of the East; Come into my Eastern Houses, for we are the ones who are born, and we are the ones who die!
“那东宫老夫人，我想问问你，你们设计谋杀安小姐的事情已经被她所知晓，你们此刻有心情在这儿想要惩罚处置我，就不担心S国那边提出严正交涉吗？”	Madame of the East, I would like to ask you, that the thing you designed to kill Miss Ann has been known to her, that you are now in the mood here to punish me, and not to be afraid to make a harsh compromise on the side of State S?
这话是出自吴莲止之口，口气生疏，毫无畏惧。	This is from the mouth of Wu Lian, the mouth of a quiet, without fear.
“我和安小柠是打过交道的。”裴逸微微一笑，“她这个人，是有仇必报的类型，你们想要她的命，她能善罢甘休吗？”	"""I've been in contact with Ann. ""She's a kind of vengeful,"" said Pee, smiling slightly. ""You want her life."
“好了，废话不多说了，我时间比较宝贵，这俩人我都带走了。”	"""Well, I don't have much to say. I've got a lot of time. I've got both of them."
见东宫家族的人又要发话了，他又补充了一句，“如果不想这里见血的话。”	Those who saw the family again, he added, If you don't want to see blood here.
就这样，东宫家族的人看着原本已经煮熟的鸭子彻底的给飞走了。	Thus, the family looked at the duck had already cooked completely to fly away.
气得东宫老太和老太爷实在是不行。	It's awful for the Grandpa and the Grandpa of the East Palace.
最后东宫老太直接发话，“算了算了，把他的名字除名，户口也给销毁了！”	Finally, the old man said directly, count count, his name was removed, and his address was destroyed!
“我们得回S国。”	"""We have to go back to S."""
裴逸斜她一眼，“利用完就撤？”	Pei glanced at her;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;
“不是说会答应我一个要求的么，我都还没说这个，就说回国？”	Isn't it's going to give me a request, I'm not saying it, I'm saying it's coming back?
“我是急着回国有事儿，但是答应你一个要求也是真的，说吧，什么要求？”	"""I'm in a hurry to return, but I promise you a request is also true, tell me, what request?"
“嗯，我的要求可能你会有点为难……”	"""Well, my request may be a little difficult..."""
“那就不要提了，说一个让我感觉不会为难的。”	Then don't say one makes me feel good.
裴逸侧过身来，目不转睛的盯着她，“你还真的是一点没变，陪我半个月。”	Pei came over, stared at her,,You really haven't changed a bit, come with me half a month.
“怎么个陪法？”	What kind of jury?
“跟以前一样。”	Same as before.
安小柠望着他，“不行，第一，不能上链子，不能限制我的自由，第二半个月太久了，两天可以。”	Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don
“……”裴逸笑容微微一敛，“你这砍价砍得也太过分了，五天，不能少，说是让别人提要求，别人提了，你不能言而无信，肯定会给你自由的。”	Pei's smiled slightly and said,You've cut the price too much, five days, not less, it's to ask others, to ask others, you can't say without trust, it's sure to give you freedom.
“那能不能让我先回国？”	"""Can I go back to the country first?"""
“不能。”	"""No."""
车内的吴莲止听着俩人的对话，着实是觉得，这俩人是不是有一腿？	Wu Lin stopped listening to the two talk, and really felt,the two are not one leg?
难道这俩人是有不清不楚的关系？	Are these two people inconsistent relationship?
怎么听着都感觉像。	Sounds like it.
可是如果是的话，那两个人当着他的面也太不避讳了。	But if it were, the two would have been too shy to face him.
“那让他先回S国，我一个人在你那，行吗？”	Then let him go back to S. I'll be with you, okay?
“我不会对你们怎么样的，一起吧。”他的话语不容置疑。	"""I'm not going to do anything to you,"" he said."
安小柠不再说什么。	Don't say anything anymore.
因为距离清平山没多远，所以很快就到了。	Since it is not far from Qing, so soon arrived.
再来这个地方，还真的百感交集。	It's a really nice place to be.
秦果看见她的那一瞬间，心里真是很不高兴，等他们进去，她立马翻了个白眼。	Qin, when she saw her moment, was very unhappy, when they entered, she stood and turned white eyes.
心想着她家祖宗怎么又把这个瘟神给带回来了。	Thinking about how her grandfather brought the plague back.
</CHAPTER>	< < <
</BOOK>	</>
"<BOOK id=""1898"">"	"<BOOK id=""18"">"
"<CHAPTER id=""1898"">"	< < < < < <
第1898章 不思量，自难忘（四）	CHAPTER 1898
言如生甩给她一个白眼，“温栩栩，你自恋了。”	To give her a white eye,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,You're in love.
“难道我长的不好看么？”	Don't I look bad?
温栩栩皱眉，嘟着嘴故作生气。	Their mouths are full of anger.
言如生楞了一下，继而笑起来，托着栩栩上半身的那只手，在她的胸上使劲儿的捏了一下。	Then he laughed, and with the hand that was half of her, he pressed it hard on her chest.
低头瞪着她，咬牙切齿，“……狡猾的笨女人。”	No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No
他加快了步伐，走到床边，一点儿也不怜香惜玉，直接将栩栩往床上一抛，然后他一粒不等一粒的解开衬衣扣子。	He hastened to the side of the bed, without any pity for the jade, and threw it directly to the bed, and then he did not wait for a piece to untie the shirt button.
解开皮带，脱掉身上所有的束缚，然后钻进被窝，压在栩栩的身上。	Untie the belt,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
简单粗暴，一点也不唯美。	It's simple. It's not beautiful.
深邃的黑眸与她对望，栩栩的心跳不受控制的加速。	Her dark eyes faced her and her heart jumped uncontrollably.
是的，在一起这么多年了，每每这样跟他对视，她的心里还是如小鹿乱撞，羞赧尴尬。	Yes, for so many years together, and every such face to face with him, her heart was like a small deer, shy and embarrassed.
或许是太熟了，总是觉得不好意思。	Maybe it's too familiar. I always feel sorry.
所以人家说熟人不好下手，兔子不吃窝边草，真的是这样。	So people say it's not good to do it, rabbits don't eat grass by the nest, it really is.
看着栩栩脸红害羞，言如生即兴奋又懊恼，兴奋是他体内荷尔蒙自动反应，懊恼是法子他内心。	He looked at his face,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
他虽然喜欢看她害羞的模样，但是不喜欢她因为害羞别别扭扭，总是那么矜持，不主动。	Though he liked to see her shy look, he didn't like her because shy don't twist, always so shy, not active.
“还想听什么？我都告诉你，你看着我。”	"""What else do you want to hear? I'll tell you."
言如生双手捧着栩栩的脸，硬逼着她与他对视。	With her hands on her face, she was forced to look at him.
栩栩脸更红了，她噘着嘴，目光游移不定，“那你快说，是不是还偷了别人给我的情书。”	Her face was more red, she said,and her eyes were more or less blurred,and now you say, Did he not also steal my love letters from others?
“呃……”	"""Well..."""
言如生做着思考状，一边想一边说，“除了赵正的情书，蒋卓恒的巧克力和电影票，还有比我们高一届的那个公安局郝局长的儿子郝棒的七彩棒棒堂。”	"""Aside from Zhao Zheng's love letter, chocolate from Zhao Zhong and movie tickets,"" said Zhao Zheng, thinking as he did, ""there's also a seven-colored barbeque,"" said Zhao Zheng, Zhao Zhong's son, the director of the Public Security Bureau, who was older than us."
闻言，栩栩很惊讶，“什么？郝棒？”	He was surprised.What?Hao?
那个号称‘万人夸’的理科状元？	"What is the scientific term called the ""over""?"
之所以号称‘万人夸’，是因为他的名字，而不是真的万人夸他，只要喊他名字，就是在夸他好棒。	He is called by his name, not really by his name, but by his good name.
当时她听到这个名字，知道学校有叫这么一个名字的人，也觉得好消极了。	When she heard the name, knowing that was the name of the school, she felt very negative.
只是那个家伙不是个书呆子吗？怎么也会送她东西？	Isn't that guy a book nut? How can he send her stuff?
“是啊，这名字起的真贱，起名字的人更贱。”	"""Yes, it's a dirty name. It's a dirty name."""
言如生一脸鄙视的说着，“幸好我替你把那根棒棒糖吃了，七彩颜色，都是色素染的，当时把我舌头和嘴唇都吃的五颜六色，垃圾食品，廉价货。”	"""I'm glad I've eaten the candy for you, seven colours, dyed with chromium, and I've eaten all six colours of my tongue and lips, junk food, cheap."
栩栩：“……”	""""""""""""
照他这么说，她还要感谢他代劳吃了别人送给她的东西？	As he says, she also thanks him for eating what others have given her?
栩栩觉得又好气又好笑，实在忍不住，伸手使劲儿的在言如生的脑门上戳了一下，“言如生，你丫怎么不上天呢？”	It felt so good and so funny, that I couldn't help but reach out and squish my hand at the door of the living, and say, How can you not be in heaven?
真是得了便宜还卖乖，这种事儿他最喜欢做了。	It's cheap. That's what he likes to do.
说完，她又看着他，好笑的问：“所以你曾经不喜欢郝局长就是因为郝棒？”	"When she had finished, she looked at him again, and asked with laughter, ""Why did you not like Mr. Hao because of Mr. Hao?"
虽然是问，但是语气笃定。	Although asked, the tone is firm.
“……”言如生瘪嘴沉默，算是默认了。	To say nothing is to be accepted.
栩栩一个不妨，又跌进他那深邃的黑眸里，她嘟着嘴‘呃’了一声，目光又尴尬的移向别处。	Once again, she fell into his deep dark eyes, and she whispered, `Well,' and her eyes moved away embarrassingly.
然后她问：“这些你都是怎么下手的？我怎么不知道？”	Then she said,How did you do all this?I don't know.
她撇撇嘴，好像没话找话聊似的。	She left her mouth, as if she had nothing to talk about.
</CHAPTER>	< < <
</BOOK>	</>
"<BOOK id=""210"">"	"<BOOK id=""210"">"
"<CHAPTER id=""210"">"	"<CHAPTER id=""210"">"
第210章: 督主与太后那些事64	Chapter 210: Matters Between the Lord and the Queen
小沫有一刻，心神俱动，悲切起来。	There was a moment when the heart was moved and sad.
督主这是……不敢动吧。	It's...don't move.
一旦身体动了，脑子也要开始动起来，他那么聪明怎么可能不知道白薇薇已经死了。	As soon as the body moves, the brain also starts to move, how could he be so wise as not to know that Vivian was dead.
他不愿承认，也不敢去深想，只能强迫自己就这样坐着，说服自己白薇薇只是睡着了，会醒来的。	He refused to admit, nor to think deeply, only to force himself to sit like this, to convince himself that she was just asleep, that she would wake up.
小沫觉得，只有白薇薇的尸身开始腐烂了，督主才会真正恢复理智，知道他牵着手的人，已经死去多时。	Little Splash felt that only when White's body began to rot, would the governor really get back to reason, knowing that the man he was holding had been dead for a long time.
可是奇怪的是，白薇薇的尸体竟然没有任何改变。	But it's strange that's not what happened to her body.
甚至是她苍白的脸色好了不少，身体虽然冰凉，但是却跟睡着了无疑。	Even her pale face was much better, although the body is cold, but sleep with no doubt.
任何一丝尸体的特征都没有出现。	There were no signs of the body.
慕言君守着她，眼神越来越亮。	Her eyes were brighter.
那神医糟老头终于被押来了，他吃着护心丸，“我这条老命估计也去了大半。”	"Therapist's old head was finally pushed, and he took therapist's pills, ""and I've spent most of my old life."
慕言君已经五天没有睡觉了，谁都能看出他身体多疲惫。	Murgon hasn't slept for five days, and anyone can see how tired he is.
但是他整个人却异常清醒，清醒得可怕而不正常。	But the whole man was awfully awake, awfully awake.
“自我让她吃了药后，她就这么睡着，我觉得该请你来一趟看看，她什么时候醒来？”	She slept like this after she had taken her medicine. I thought you should come and see when she woke up.
糟老头叹息一声，才走到床边，给白薇薇把把脉。	Then the old man sighed, and went to the bed, and gave her the blood.
“其实这现象极其罕见，医治倒是不需要了，不过还有一件特别重要的事情需要做……”	"""It's a very rare phenomenon, and there's no need for medical treatment, but there's a very important thing that needs to be done..."""
慕言君专注倾听，就像是一个好学生似，眼里跟有团火在烧一样。	M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M
糟老头声音低了下去，“就是我又该医治另一个人了……”	The old man's voice went down,I'm gonna have to cure another man.
慕言君身体前倾，不愿意错过的他的话。	You're not going to miss what you said.
结果糟老头手法如电，瞬间一针扎入他的颈部。	As a result, the old man's method is like electricity, instantly a needle is attached to his neck.
慕言君眼睛猛然睁大，手已经拍向糟老头的天灵盖。	M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M
小沫的手横亘而出，抓住了慕言君的攻击。	Their hands went out, and they caught the attack of Mon Mon.
这一来一往，慕言君已经撑不住晕睡过去。	Once in a while, Mr. Murgon has not been able to sleep.
糟老头摸摸自己的头，“差点就死了，不过估计我也活不了多久，他醒来后没有疯就算好的。”	Bad old man touch his head, almost dead, but I guess I'll live not long, he wakes up not crazy even good.
白薇薇是救不回来了。	She's not coming back.
而慕言君的状态简直就是悲入心神，五脏六腑统统出现问题。	And the state of Ming is a sadness in the heart of the gods, and the five bowels of the gods, and the six bowels of the gods.
不吃不睡不思不动，跟活死人没有两样，再熬个两天估计人也跟白薇薇一起没了。	No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No
小沫看向糟老头，“你护着我家督主的命，这次如果又护不住，我亲手杀了你。”	S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S S
说完，她就转身出去，走向他们领刑的地方，默默受罚去。	When she had finished, she turned and went to the place where they were executed, and was silently punished.
糟老头叹气，“难怪我师傅说，卖红薯都不能当神医，人人都将我当神了，就是神也没法让一个想死的人活下去啊。”	"""It's no wonder my master says that selling fries can't be a god, that everyone has made me a god, that God can't make a dying man live."
慕言君仅仅睡了两个时辰，眼睛就睁开。	M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M M
他一惊，眼神难得出现惊慌，却发现自己无法动弹。	He wasted,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
糟老头见他醒了，“我给你扎针呢，你心神俱衰，不过给你养养，你就该去见阎王。”	"""I'll give you a needle,"" said the old man when he woke up. ""You're going to see Yan,"" said the old man."
慕言君眼神阴沉下去，脸色苍白憔悴，却煞气十足，让人看了不寒而栗。	Their eyes were dim, their faces were pale, but they were full of anger, and they looked cold and cheerful.
糟老头又给他扎了一针，“本来不想救你的，毕竟你这样的人心肠歹毒无比，救活了你指不定这天下要乱成什么样子。”	"""I didn't want to save you, after all, you are so wicked, you're not sure what's going to happen to the world."
慕言君声音轻柔而诡异，“松开我。”	M M M M M M M M M M
糟老头摇头，“这可不行，我救不活你的心尖人，救了你也算是赔偿了。”	"""No,"" said the old man, ""I can't help you,"" and ""I can't help you."""
慕言君突然凄厉笑起来，“你偿不了，怎么可能偿得了，你就算救活这天下所有人，都偿不了她一根头发。”	"""You can't pay, how can you pay for a hair, even if you save everyone in the world."""
</CHAPTER>	< < <
</BOOK>	</>
"<BOOK id=""369"">"	"<BOOK id=""369"">"
"<CHAPTER id=""369"">"	"CHAPTER id=""369"">"
第369章: 脱险了	Chapter 369.
情势一面倒，双方都全力开火，整个海洋上空一片硝烟。	There was a lot of fire, and there was a lot of smoke over the sea.
白夜手中的高速磁波扫描枪又一次开火，又有一辆飞机被他轰碎了，这枪支实在是好用，他用得正上瘾，小奶包指挥自若，第一恐怖组织的空军形成一种坚不可摧的攻守战队，开始进行最后一轮的猛攻。	White Night's high-speed magnetic scanning gun fired again, and another plane was bombed by him, and this gun was very useful, and he was addicted to it, and the little milk bag commanded himself, and the Air Force of the First Terrorist formed an indomitable defensive battalion, and began the last round of assault.
尼克拉一见形势不好，也顾不上尊卑，声音大了起来，“主子爷，撤退吧，再这么打下去，我们会全军覆没。”	"When Nikla saw the situation was not worthy, the voice raised, ""Lord, retreat, let's go again, we'll have the whole army."
路易斯拳头拽得死紧，一脸阴霾，浑身戾气大盛，他何尝看不清目前的情势。	Louis's fist was tight, his face was dark, his face was full of anger, and he couldn't see what was going on.
但他很不甘心，就这么被打退了，明明近在咫尺，他又能抓回他们，功亏一篑，真是可恶。	But he was very uncomfortable, and so was withdrawn, and it was obvious that close, and he was able to catch them again, thanks to one moment, it was evil.
男子翡翠绿的眸，掠过杀气，转而又隐入那双沉寂忧郁的眸中，他朝尼克拉点点头，他立刻下令掩护撤退。	The man's jade eyes, passing through the killing, turned again into the silent eyes, he pointed to Nikla, he immediately ordered the cover retreat.
路易斯凝眸看着他在海面上空飘荡的二人，冷哼一声，这次算是他们走运，他不会就这么算了。	Lewis stared at the two of them floating over the sea, and hummed, this time they were lucky, he would not have.
“宝贝儿，他们要撤退了，追击吗？”白夜轻笑，他对这磁波扫描枪情有独钟，抱着它好似抱着一个孩子，唇角勾起淡漠而危险的笑。	Baby, are they going to retreat, or are they going to chase? He smiled at night, and he was in love with the magnetic scanning gun, holding it as if he were holding a child, with a faint, dangerous laugh.
小奶包亦优雅一笑，下令停止攻击，漆黑的大眸中一片沉静，缓缓地道：“不追击，就这么让他死了，未免太可惜，猫捉老鼠的游戏，才刚开始。”	The Little Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk
这一场游戏，已经扭转了局面。	This game has turned the situation.
路易斯，他千不该，万不该惹上他，诺诺的死，他必须要找人陪葬，不然他咽不下这口气。	Louis, he shouldn't, he shouldn't be attracted to him, Nono's death, he must find someone to be buried, or he can't breathe this.
游戏什么时候开始，路易斯说了算，可是……	When did the game start?
小奶包笑意冷峭，湛湛逼人，什么时候结束，他说了算。	The Little Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk
白夜微笑，潇洒拂袖，“成，不追击，我们有的是资本陪他玩，说不定还轮不到他们动手，路易斯就有人要急着收拾了。”	"""Yes, don't pursue, we have the capital to play with,"" he said. ""I don't know if they're going to get it done."
小奶包看着他们逃离的方向，冷笑不语。	The little bottle looked at the direction of their escape, laughing silently.
“楚离，结束了，不用支援了，我们立刻回去。”	"""It's over,"" said Chu. ""There's no more support. we'll go right now."""
白夜和楚离通好电话就命令手下转头回罗马。	White Night and Chu left the telephone and ordered the hand to turn back to Rome.
黑鹰等人废了九牛二虎之力才把叶三少和程安雅拖了上来，他们都知道程安雅身上有病毒，早就做了防护措施，叶三少也警告他们自己身上也有病毒，黑鹰等人更是小心翼翼。	They knew that had a virus, they had taken precautions, and they had been warned that they had a virus, and they had been careful.
叶三少躺着，气喘如牛，忍不住踢了踢程小姐，“小安雅，你得减减肥啊，重死了。”	"Li lying down, breathing like a cow, couldn't help kicking the girl, ""Little Anya, you have to lose weight, dead again."
他整个肩膀都有点发麻，因为在海水里游了很长时间，消耗了不少体能，再吊着程安雅这么飘荡，可真够折腾的胳膊的。	His whole shoulder had a bit of hair, because he had been in the sea for a long time, consuming a lot of energy, and then hanging on to Anja's arm, which was so floating, that it was really folded.
差一点就没抓住把她丢下海了，回想起那个画面他还是觉得有点发悚。	He didn't even catch her out of the sea, but he still felt a bit creepy when he remembered the scene.
黑鹰等人都因为他们安全而欢呼，递毛巾的递毛巾，倒热水的倒热水，个个忙活得不行，还有人趁空打趣叶三少这段日子过得如何。	All the Black Eagles were happy because they were safe, handing over towels handing over towels, handing over hot water, one can't be busy, and one can't be entertained in the air.
飞机上很热闹，男人在一起，少不了一种豪气。	There was a lot of fun on the plane, and the men were together.
程安雅拿着黑鹰递过来的毛巾擦头发，又用毛毯裹着自己发冷的身子，双耳自动屏蔽他的话，总算是安全了，她打了一个喷嚏，忍不住又把身子裹紧了点。	She washed her hair with the towel that had been handed to her by the Black Eagle, and wrapped her cold body with a blanket, and her ears protected her from saying anything, and she sneezed, and couldn't help tightening herself up.
黑鹰失笑，说道：“三少，夫人再瘦一点你要嫌她排骨了。”	The Black Eagle, laughing, said, Thirty-three, madam, thinner than you want her to be.
“我现在就嫌弃了。”	"""I don't like it now."
叶三少也起来，擦干身上的海水，“就是因为排骨才这么重。”	The three leaves came up, wiping off the sea, because the bones were so heavy.
程安雅继续发扬沉默是金的美德，黑鹰找了两套衣服给他们换上，因为是男人的衣服，穿在程小姐身上很是滑稽，她干脆用毛毯裹着自己。	The Black Eagle had two pairs of clothes to change, because it was a man's dress, which was very funny on Miss Cheung, and she barely wrapped herself in a blanket.
刚换好衣服，黑鹰就告诉她，宁宁要和她说话。	As soon as he changed his clothes, the Black Eagle told her that she would rather speak to her.
程安雅激动地抢过话筒，“宝贝，是妈咪啊。”	"Jiang Yang excitedly grabbed the phone, "" baby, is Mommy."
“嗨，妈咪，想宝贝儿了吗？”	"""Hey, Mom, do you want a baby?"""
小奶包坐在沙发上，满面笑意和程安雅聊天，好久没听她妈咪的声音，怪想念的。	She sat on the couch, laughing and talking to her mother, for a long time not heard her mother's voice, wondering.
“一点都不想。”	"""I don't want at all."
程安雅冷哼，露出凶狠的口气，“你也太菜了，这么晚才找到妈咪，该打。”	"""You're too busy to find Mommy tonight,"" he said."
宁宁想到许诺，心头一窒，转而微笑，“好，宝贝接打，等回了罗马，你爱怎么打都可以，我可是很想妈咪，妈咪你也太不疼我了，鄙视你。”	"Better to think of a promise, tos of heart, to smile, ""Well, baby, wait for you to come back to Rome, you can do anything you like, but I miss you, you don't hurt me too much, you're disrespected."
“反鄙视。”	"""Resentment."""
程安雅大笑，担心地问，“你没受什么伤吧？”	Joan laughed, and asked, Are you not hurt?
“没有，我好着呢，一点事都没有，你别担心。”宁宁微笑说道，“妈咪，飞机快要落地了，一会儿说。”	"""No, I'm fine, there's nothing to worry about,"" said Nan, smiling, ""Mommy, the plane's about to land,"" said Nan."
“好。”	"""All right."
小奶包关了通讯器，程安雅喝热水暖暖身子，叶三少本来眼巴巴地看着能和儿子聊两句，结果没聊上就给挂了，他非常的不满，双眸控诉地看程安雅。	The little milk bag shut the communications, Cheng Anya drink the hot water warm the body, Ye three little eyes looked at could talk to the son, and the result of not talk to hang on, he was very dissatisfied, eyes complain Cheng Anya.
程小姐淡定地无视他，黑鹰笑道，“三少，飞机快落地，一会儿就能见到小少爷了。”	Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss
叶三少觉得自己被无视个彻底，忍不住拧了程小姐一把，“没良心的小东西。”	"Ye, feeling completely ignored, couldn't resist twisting Miss Cheng, ""not conscience little thing."
“小气鬼。”	"""The little bastard."""
程安雅笑骂，把热水给他，叶三少合着程小姐的杯子，把剩下的热水都喝了，这时候要是有点酒暖暖身子就更美妙了。	Joan laughed, gave him the hot water, and the three joined Miss Joan's cup, and drank the rest of the hot water, and at this time it was better to warm up with a little wine.
飞机很快就降落了，全部降落在城堡中，楚离，叶薇，十一等人都在，一见叶三少和程安雅安全了，众人都松了一口气。	As soon as the plane had landed in the castle, Chu, Ye Wei, and the eleven others were all there, and as soon as they saw that Ye was safe, they all breathed a sigh.
“三哥，三嫂，可真够狼狈啊……”	"""My brother and sister, it's really confusing..."""
叶薇笑得花枝乱颤，“三哥，我应该拍下来做个纪念的。”	"Levy laughed and trembled, ""Brother, I should have taken it for a memorial."
“臭丫头。”	"""The filthy girl."""
叶三少笑骂一声，薇薇十一和小奶包都没事，他总算也安心了。	Xiao laughed and said,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
费了这么大劲，怎么能再出事？	It's taken so long. How can it happen again?
小奶包欢快地想要抱程安雅，却被她严令喝住，小奶包这才想起来，他妈咪身上有病毒，黑鹰已经说过了，然后他看着爹地妈咪握在一起的手，心头微微一沉。	Little Couple wanted to hold Anya, but she was forced to drink, Little Couple thought, his mother had a virus, the black eagle had said, and then he looked at his father's mother's hands, and his heart sank a little.
“爹地，妈咪，你们都……白夜，你快帮他们看看。”	"""Dad, Mum, you all...night, you're going to help them."""
小奶包第一反应就是找白夜，他是天才医生，没有他治不了的病。	The first reaction is to find the night, he is a genius, without he can't cure the disease.
“知道了，知道了，别担心。”	You know, Don't worry.
白夜笑道。	laughed.
“病毒？”	"""Virus?"""
一名金发蓝眸的大帅哥眨眨眼睛，“小白，这不是你的强项吧？”	A Man with Gold and Blue Eyes blinked, Little White, isn't that your strength?
小白？	Little White?
白夜手腕扭了扭，笑得潇洒又温和，“杰森，再喊一声小白试一试？”	"White's wrist twisted, smiling softly, ""Jason, shout a little white try again?"
“……靠，老子叫你小白怎么了？本来就是小白，你们还喊黑杰克小铁。”	What's the old man called you little white? You're called black jack little iron.
有喷火龙之称的杰森当场飚火，宛如金毛狮王，不过一样帅得人神共愤。	Jason, known as the Flaming Dragon, is on the scene flaming, like the King of the Golden Fleece, but as handsome as the gods resent.
特别是那一双天蓝色的眸，如蓝宝石一样耀眼。	Especially those blue eyes, as bright as blue gems.
发起怒来，有一种令人战栗的气焰，仿佛火山爆发般，有一种很外露的霸气。	There was a burning flame, like a volcano, and a very outward kind of hegemony.
一旁的黑杰克是一个二十多岁的青年男子，生得很精致，他是中英混血儿，五官有东方人的神秘，又有西方人的深邃，有一双灰蓝色的眼睛，总是雾霭朦胧的样子，给人一种深情的错觉，但细看，你会发现，他极其敏锐，有一种深藏不漏的内敛。	Black Jack is a young man of more than twenty years of age, who is a mixture of Chinese and English, who possesses the mystery of the East and the deepness of the West, and has a pair of gray-blue eyes, which always look like the darkness of the mist, and which give one a deep sense of affection, but if you look closely, you will find that he is extremely sharp, and possesses a deep and unspoiled convergence.
第一恐怖组织两大领导，年纪都不大，性格迥异，但那气场很强势，一人就有一种君临天下的气势，更别说三大巨首都在这里。	The two leaders of the first terrorist organization, are not old, have different characteristics, but the atmosphere is strong, one has a kind of kingdom of the world, not to mention the three great capitals here.
这一排看过去，很有视觉冲击。	This line looks past. It's very visual.
“杰森，你可真欠修理。”	Jason, you must have been repaired.
十一哼了哼，“叫什么不好，叫小白，小白，揍他。”	Heh Heh Heh Heh Heh Heh Heh Heh Heh Heh Heh Heh Heh
叶薇看了他们一眼，摇摇头，“三哥，三嫂，别理他们，你们还是泡个热水澡，一会儿再检查，免得生病了。”	"Eve looked at them, shaking her head, ""Brothers, sisters, don't worry about them, but you should take a hot shower, and check for a while before you get sick."
她招来女仆带叶琛和程安雅下去洗漱，小奶包虽然很想跟着去，不过他还是留在这里，白夜作势就要揍人了，小奶包赶紧拉着他的袖子。	She invited the maid to take Yechen and Cheng Anja down to wash and wash, and the little lad, though he wanted to follow, stayed here, and at night he was going to be beaten, and the little lad quickly pulled his sleeves.
“白夜，你能有办法救我爹地妈咪吗？”	"""Byee, can you save my mother?"""
小孩子的眼睛很亮，如两颗黑葡萄镶嵌在白嫩的脸上，充满了期盼，仿佛白夜一摇头，他眸中的亮光就会黯淡了。	The children's eyes are bright, like two black grapes embedded in the pale face, full of expectation, as if at a white night, the light in his eyes will fade.
杰森一把揪起小奶包抱在怀里，豪气万千，“宝贝儿，你放心，小白死人都能救，别说活生生的人了，你担心个屁，有空过来给我轰了黑手党的防护。”	"Jason grabbed hold of the little pack of milk in his arms, with a great deal of pride, "" baby, you can rest assured, the little white dead can be saved, don't say the living dead, you're worried about a shit, there's nothing left to blow up the black party's defense."
“刚是谁质疑白夜的医术的？”	Who has ever questioned theology of the night?
黑杰克对此表示疑惑，杰森一掌过去，他敏捷闪开。	Black Jack expressed doubt about this, Jason passed a hand, he flashed quickly.
小奶包被大高个子抱着，异常的纠结，踢了踢杰森，“放我下来。”	"The little bottle was held by a tall boy, with an unusual twist, kicked Jason, ""Let me down."
“老子也想要这么个儿子，宁宁，你来当我儿子吧？老子垂涎你很久了。”杰森湛蓝色的眸迸发出澎湃的光芒，活似小奶包就是一块肥肉。	"""The old man wants such a son,"" said the old man. ""You come as my son,"" said the old man. ""The old man has been chewing on you for a long time."
众人，“……”	All of them.
白夜微笑说道，“杰森，你中文再让你妈教教，别老说长官不会用词语，你也好不到哪儿去。”	He said with a smile at night, Jason, don't let your mother teach you in Chinese, and don't keep saying the Chief won't use words, and you won't get anywhere.
“我和长官不是一个级别的好吧？”	"""I'm not on a level, okay?"""
杰森很不满意有人把他和长官联系在一起，所谓官寇不一家，这是原则问题。	Jason was dissatisfied with the fact that he had been linked to the Chief, the so-called Chief of Staff, was a matter of principle.
小奶包挣扎一下，杰森放他下来，小奶包问道：“白夜……”	After a struggle, Jason let him down, he asked,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
“宁宁，等我给他们做过检查才能确定，你先别着急。”白夜说道，揉揉小奶包的头，“我保证会尽全力。”	"""Don't worry until I check them out,"" said White Night, rubbing the milk on his head, ""I promise to do my best."
小奶包刚失去许诺，双亲生死不能保证的情况下，不管多冷静都心有不安，他不能再失去他们，白夜很明白他现在心理。	The Little Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk Milk
“别太担心。”白夜说道。	"""Don't worry,"" said White."
叶薇说道，“成了，交给白夜，这世上没有问题是解决不了的，既然路易斯能研制出病毒，就一定有解药，不可能无解，白夜要是解不了，摘他招牌。”	"""It is,"" said Eve, ""it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is,"
楚离一笑，“赞成。”	"Chu smiled, ""I agree."""
“小白，你有招牌吗？”	Little White, do you have a sign?
杰森深表疑惑，他一直都不知道他有什么招牌。	Jason was deeply doubting he had no sign at all.
十一很想一拳过去扁他。	Eleven wanted to beat him.
“说到这，你们两怎么没逮着路易斯回来？”	Speaking of this, why didn't you two catch Louis back?
黑杰克问道，“这家伙早死，我们早安心。”	"asked Black Jack, ""This guy is going to die soon."
“老子早就想灭了他了，这阵子黑手党各地都在挑衅，这家伙总部都被轰了还有心情玩什么儿女情长，真是够昏庸的。”	"""The old man wanted to kill him,"" he said. ""The gang is all over the place, and the guy's headquarters have been bombed, and he's got a good mood, and he's pretty stupid."""
“路易斯不着急。”小奶包缓缓道，脸上勾起一丝危险的弧度，那双漆黑的眸中净是算计的光芒，“不战而胜才是取胜最高境界，他和我们有私仇是一回事，不过黑手党和恐怖组织间的争夺战又是一回事。	"""Louis is not anxious,"" said the little dairy, with a dangerous arc on his face, ""and in the darkness of his eyes is the brightness of calculation,"" ""and victory without war is the highest level of victory,"" ""and he and we have mutual enmity, but the struggle between the blacks and the terrorists is one."""
我们想要歼灭黑手党肯定要费很大的财力物力。	It's going to cost a lot of money.
经过这一次，他在黑手党中的地位摇摇欲坠，我一直怀疑黑手党还有一股力量在我们看不见的地方隐藏着，不然路易斯这种自取灭亡的行动他们不可能不会制止，既然如此，我们就让路易斯为我们带路，揪出这股力量，一举歼灭。”	Throughout this time, his position in the Black Party has been shaken, and I have doubted that the Black Party still has a power hidden from us, or that they will not be able to stop this act of self-destruction of Louis, and since so, we shall let Louis take our way, and take away this power, and destroy it.
奸诈啊……	Fraud!
这是众人一致的想法。	That's what everybody agrees on.
虽然知道他一贯很腹黑，很阴险，但因为他年岁太小，众人总少不了会溺爱，再加上长了一副粉嫩嫩的外表，总会让人忽略他的本质。	Knowing he was always angry and dangerous, but because he was too young, people would always fall in love, plus a long pink appearance, always let go of his essence.
“腹黑！”	"""I'm in the dark!"""
杰森竖起大拇指，他一贯是行动派的，没其余人顾三顾四思考那么多，不过大多时候，黑杰克和楚离的计划他都会听。	Jason raised his thumb, he was always an action, not the rest thought about so much, but most of the time he would listen to the plans of Black Jack and Chu.
小奶包的计划，他一贯更是言听计从。	He always listened to the plan of the little milk.
一个十足的行动派之后有一对强大的智囊团，这股力量是很恐怖的。	After a full movement there is a powerful group of thinkers, which is a terrifying force.
“宁宁这法子我赞同。”楚离说道，他和白夜一贯都认同他的想法，“一劳永逸，免得有人不知天高地厚，老是来挑衅。”	"""I agree with this method,"" said Chu, who had always agreed with his ideas, ""it will be a long time before someone who is too high or too thick will come and provoke."""
“宁宁的话，你什么时候反驳过啊，狼狈为奸。”	"""If it is,"" he said, ""when have you refuted it?"
黑杰克笑道，“不过这一次，的确该给黑手党一点教训，让他在五十年内见了我们都要绕道走。”	Black Jack laughed, but this time, he must teach the Black Party a lesson, so that in fifty years he will see that we have to go around.
白夜点头，他也没什么意见，他首要的是要能解叶三少和程安雅身上的病毒，这才是关紧的，其余的，交给楚离。	No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No
叶薇和十一相视一眼，另外一股势力么？	Ye and 11 look at each other, another force?
她们心中都浮起一张一摸一样的脸，是墨晔和墨玦么？	In their hearts a face like a touch, is it a black and a black?
黑手党里，也只有他们能有足够的号召力，又神秘莫测，除了他们，她们想不出还有谁，能有这样的魄力，本该就是凌驾于路易斯之上的男人，没道理会听令于他。	Within the Black Party, only they could have enough summons, and mysterious, except for them, they could not think of anyone else, who could have such power, and who should have been the man over whom Louis, without reason, obeyed.
众人移驾客厅，小奶包去找程安雅，正好她泡好澡了，又喝了杯热茶，身子暖烘烘的，脸颊也升腾两抹粉红，正在床上，若有所思地看着自己的手指。	All the crowded into the room, and the little bottle of milk went to Cheng-and she had taken a good bath, and had a cup of hot tea, and was warm, and her cheeks were red, and she was in bed, looking at her fingers, if she had thought.
“妈咪……”	"""Mommy..."""
小奶包推门而入，笑吟吟地走近。	The little bottle pushed into the door and came close with laughter.
程安雅回过神来，眯起眼睛，赞了一声，“宝贝儿，你真有范儿。”	"Joan came back to God, squinted, and praised, ""Honey, you have a fan."""
这装束，真丫丫的有气势，哪儿有一点小孩子的味道，整个就是一个危险人物了。	This costume, which has a little bit of a child's taste, is a dangerous person.
“多谢妈咪赞美。”	"""Thank you,"" Mom said."
“别走近，坐远点，我怕我一个忍不住揍你。”	Don't come near, sit away, I'm afraid I can't beat you.
程安雅指着对面的沙发，“坐那儿去。”	Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go
小奶包幽怨地瞪了程安雅一眼，“妈咪，你嫌弃我了。”	"The little bottle stared angrily at her, ""Ma, you don't want to leave me."
“正解。”	"""The correct answer. """
程安雅笑道，看了小奶包一眼，她总觉得这孩子有什么地方不一样了，虽然看起来和过去没什么两样，但母亲是最了解自己孩子的，他身上有什么变化，不管隐藏多好，她多少能感觉得出来。	Joan laughed, looked at the little bottle, she always felt that the child had something different, though it didn't look like anything in the past, but the mother was the most aware of her child, of what had changed in him, how much she could feel, no matter what she had hidden.
“妈咪，你怎么这样看我？是不是觉得宝贝帅了？”	Mommy, how do you look at me? Do you think my baby is handsome?
小奶包淘气地眨眨眼睛，模样可爱极了。	The little milk bag blinked angrily, looks very cute.
程安雅似笑非笑地睨着他，“你爹地的自恋功夫你倒是学了八九分，这阵子，你没事吧，实话告诉妈咪？是不是被欺负了？”	"Chen looked at him smilingly, ""You've learned your father's love for himself,"" he said. ""You're all right, tell your mother the truth,"" he said. ""You've been cheated?"""
小奶包摇头，“没有。”	Shak Shak Shak Shak Shak Shak Shak Shak Shak
“胡说，路易斯给我看过照片，明明被打得一身是血。”	"""Well,"" said Louis, ""I've seen the pictures, and it's clear that he's been beaten with blood."""
程安雅很显然不信，咬牙切齿，“他被千刀万剐，我都不解恨。”	"Chen, apparently, did not believe, and bite his teeth, ""He's been beaten with a thousand knives, and I don't hate him."
想起自己曾经遭遇过的一切，程安雅心中恨极路易斯。	Reminded of all that she had encountered, she hated Louis in her heart.
明媚的脸，蒙着一层冷凝之色，一想到小奶包的曾经受过的，她更有不好的预感。	Her bright face washed with cold, and her feelings were worse when she thought of what she had been through.
“妈咪，我真没事，多半是他合成的。”	Mommy, I'm all right, it's mostly his.
小奶包优雅地笑，挽起袖子，露出一截白嫩的手臂，“看看，一点伤痕都没有。”	"The little bottle smiled gracefully, held up the sleeves, revealed a white arm, ""Look, there is no wound."
手臂上的弹伤好得七七八八，很快，他一点也不怕被程安雅发现。	His arm was healed seven eight, and soon, he was no more afraid of being found by Cheng An.
而他曾经受过的那些鞭伤，都是许诺留下的，既然是许诺打的，他就不觉得是受欺负了，反而有点怀念当初被她揍的疼痛。	All the whips he'd been whipped had been left, and since he'd been whipped, he didn't feel like he'd been deceived, but rather he felt the pain of being whipped.
若是诺诺能活着，他情愿这辈子就这样被她揍。	If No was alive, he would have been beaten like this all his life.
“宁宁，你真没事？”	"""It's okay?"
程安雅眉心一凝，没有错过儿子眸中一闪而过的伤痛。	Cheng Anja glanced, did not miss the pain in the eyes of the son flashed.
小奶包点头，“我真的没事，妈咪，有事的是你和爹地，黑鹰叔叔说你身上有病毒，爹地怎么也染上了？”	Little Milk nodded,I'm okay, Mommy, it's you and Daddy, Daddy said you had a virus, and Daddy got infected?
程安雅想起精虫充脑的叶三少，脸颊又是一红，她连说的欲、望都没有了，“别提了，在沙漠的时候跳过一次飞机，在海上又跳过一次，怎么可能不接触嘛。”	"She thought of the three leaves of the beetle, and her cheeks were red again, and she had no desire or hope to say, ""Don't mention, I jumped once in the desert, I jumped once in the sea, and how can I not touch it."""
程小姐说得很淡定，小奶包不疑有他。	Miss Cheung said softly, and the little milk bag had no doubt of him.
“妈咪，不会有事的，白夜医术那么高明，一定能有办法救你们。”	"""Mom, it's not going to happen,"" said therapist. ""It's so bright that there must be a way to save you."""
</CHAPTER>	< < <
</BOOK>	</>
"<BOOK id=""437"">"	"<BOOK id=""437"">"
"<CHAPTER id=""437"">"	< < < <
第437章 撞上铁板了	c d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d
此时，蓝银金光阵一出，火光顿时暗淡了一下，被向下吸摄引导。	At this time, the blue gold light flash, the light flashed a little, and was guided down to the camera.
但那火葫芦显然不是那么容易对付的，它猛的用力向上一吸，竟是夺走了一部分火焰，然后“嗖”的一下，飞射到了一侧，冲出了蓝银金光阵的范围。	But apparently it was not so easy to deal with, and it took away a part of the flame, and then, whispering, flew to one side, and ran out of the range of the blue and silver and gold array.
这几下变化极快，令人有些目不暇接的感觉。	These few changes very quickly, and it feels rather uncomfortable.
不好对付啊！这人。	Don't deal with this guy.
必须要尽快拿下，不然执法者就要来了。	We've got to get it out as soon as possible, or the law enforcement will come.
火葫芦向下喷吐，那女子再次出现，双眸含煞，“你们干什么？”	"As the burst down, the woman appeared again, with her eyes cast, ""What are you doing?"
就在她说话的工夫，脚下金光一闪，一圈瑰丽的光纹悄然浮现，女子的身体顿时僵硬了。	Just as she was speaking, a ring of precious rays flashed on her feet, the woman's body suddenly stiffened.
唐舞麟的蓝银草顺势缠绕而上，叶星澜星神剑前指，点向对手胸前，谢邂已经悄无声息的到了她背后，光龙匕向她脖子上架去。	Tang Ling's blue silver grass washed up in order, the blade before the dragon's sword, pointed to the chest of the opponent, Che Che has quietly reached behind her, the dragon dagger to her neck.
一切都是套路！	Everything is a trick!
还有什么比许小言的星光锁链对付单个对手更好的呢？	What's better than a tiny star chain to a single opponent?
星光锁链的绝对成立可是逆天的存在啊！	The Absolute Establishment is the existence of the opposite!
就在众人松了口气，认为拿下了对手的时候，异变突起！星神剑已经到了面前，背后光龙匕的锋锐也已经到了脖子处，生命受到威胁的情况下，女子的双眸突然亮了起来。	As soon as the people relaxed their voices and thought they had taken the opponents, the aliens emerged! The sword of the gods had come before, the sharpness of the dragon dagger behind had come to the neck, and the woman's eyes suddenly brightened when life was under threat.
一声嘹亮的凤鸣声在她身上响起，紧接着，一股强盛无匹的魂力瞬间从她体内迸发而出。就像是受到了什么刺激似的，在她衣服下面，一圈圈火红色光芒闪亮，那是一个个光环，但看上去像是衣服里面的，分别在脖子、双肩、双肘，腰部，膝盖等处。这些火红色光芒出现的下一瞬，无比强悍的魂力骤然从女子身上爆发开来。	There was a loud ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring
比先前不知道强大了多少倍，魂力升腾，化为一圈巨大的火环彭湃而出，空中的火葫芦上浮现出一层细密的金色纹路，原本只有一尺高的火葫芦直接拔升到了两尺，大了好几圈。	More than had been known before, the soul was lifted up, turned into a circle of giant fire rings, and a thin golden stripe appeared on the fire gourd in the air, which was originally only a foot tall, lifted directly to two feet, several circles larger.
强悍的火元素波动瞬间爆发开来，剧烈的冲击硬是将唐舞麟几人冲撞的飞了出去，而且那火焰还如同跗骨之蛆一般灼烧着他们的魂力。	The fierce element fluctuations burst out instantly, the fierce blow hard to fly out a few of the Tang Mai Rin, and the flame burns their souls like the maggots of the bone.
凤鸣变得越发嘹亮，女子身上散发出威严的气息，紧接着，一块块暗红色的甲胄飞速出现，覆盖全身。	The feather the feather and the feather and the feather and the feather, and the feather and the feather.
头上是一定凤盔，笼罩头部，暗红色甲胄向两侧延伸，优美的流线型一直向下，弧形延伸，勾勒出女性的特征，肩膀处，柔和的线条包覆，覆盖整条手臂。	There is a certain feather on the head, a dark red feather extended on both sides, a beautiful line extended downwards, arc extended, drawn out the characteristics of a woman, shoulder, soft line wrapped, covering the whole arm.
暗红色的火焰纹路遍布甲胄，胸甲上，有一个金红色凤凰图案，甲胄不算特别瑰丽，但当这一身甲胄覆盖之下，女子的气息已经拔升了几个档次。	A dark red flame washed over the armor, and on the chest there was a gold-red image of the Phoenix, which was not particularly gorgeous, but when the armor was covered, the woman's breath had risen several ranks.
唐舞麟脱口而出，同时脸上也已经满是苦笑。	Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang
斗铠，是的，这就是斗铠！从其繁复程度和气息波动来看，应该是一字斗铠，出现在女子身上那一圈圈光环是储存斗铠的工具。	Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du Du
一字斗铠还不能融入斗铠师体内。	No No No No No No No No No No.
但哪怕是如此，这是一套完整的一字斗铠啊！	But even so, it's a complete one-word armor!
意味着，原本五环修为的女子，实力直接被拔升到了七环境界。	This means that originally five-cycle female, the strength is directly raised to seven environments.
琰凤此时很愤怒，她今天本来心情特别好，特别开心。刚才前往天灵传灵塔，就是进行登记，登记自己正式成为一字斗铠师了。	D was very angry at this time, she was in a very good mood today, very happy. Just went to the Heavenly transmitting tower, is to register, to register himself as a word fighting archer.
斗铠师是任何组织都愿意供养的顶级存在，刚刚在签约的时候，传灵塔方面答应了她一系列的福利政策，她今年才二十七岁，在天灵城是最年轻的斗铠师之一，未来前途无量。	She is the top of any organization willing to provide, just at the time of signing, the transferring to the side promised her a series of welfare policies, she is only twenty seven years this year, in Tianling City is one of the youngest fighters, the future is countless.
传灵塔已经答应，未来会辅助她提供大量资源，帮她冲击二字斗铠师，一旦成为二字斗铠师，那就是真正意义上的斗铠师了，在整个大陆都有一席之地。	The Ring has promised that the future will help her provide a great deal of resources, to help her hit the two-word archer, once she becomes the two-word archer, that is the true archer, has a place in the whole continent.
可谁曾想，她刚兴高采烈的出了传灵塔，就被眼前这一群年纪不大的小家伙给围攻了。	But who could have imagined that she had just come out of the spirit tower and had been besieged by a group of young men.
而且他们的能力相当不弱，如果不动用斗铠，刚刚就真的要着了道。	And their abilities are quite weak, and if they don't use their armor, they're just really on their way.
她可不知道唐舞麟他们并无恶意。星神剑和光龙匕让她感受到了死亡的威胁。	She doesn't know Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don Don
正在这时，舞长空的声音在唐舞麟六人耳中响起，“你们只要战胜她，这座城市就算你们过关了。”	"At this moment, the sound of the long dance in the ears of the six Tang Mai Lin, ""If you can overcome her, the city will even pass you."
唐舞麟嘴角抽搐了一下，舞老师啊舞老师，你也有腹黑的一面啊！	Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang
这可是完整状态的一字斗铠师，相当于七环魂圣层次的强者，我们能够赢得了人家嘛？	It's a full martial arts, it's like a seven ring sacred level of strength, can we win someone?
没等他心中多想，琰凤已经动手了。强大的魂力瞬间升腾，右手朝着唐舞麟一指，头顶上方的火葫芦顿时喷出一道火线，瞬间就到了唐舞麟面前。	Without waiting for him to think much, Deng Feng had done it. The strong soul power lifted in a moment, his right hand toward Tang Tang, and the fire gourd above his head suddenly poured out a line of fire, and in a moment came before Tang Tang Tang Tang.
事已至此，只能拼一下试试了，解释无疑是没用的。看人家的眼神，就知道人家已经被激怒了。	It's been done, it's been tried, and it's no use explaining it.Look at the people's eyes, and you'll know that they're angry.
这事儿他们不占理啊！先应对再说。	They don't make sense! Let's say it again.
唐舞麟深吸口气，身上三个紫色魂环突然消失，金色光环浮现而出，光环绽放，右臂胀大，金色龙鳞蔓延，与此同时，一道道璀璨星线在他右手迅速凝聚，斗铠手甲浮现而出。	Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang
对付一名真正的斗铠师，他怎能不全力以赴啊！	Confront a true archer, how can he not do everything!
“斗铠？”	"""The Battle?"""
琰凤看到唐舞麟右手上的斗铠时也是吓了一跳。她脑海中瞬间浮现出的，就是不可能三个字！	Dae-feng jumped when she saw Tang's right armour. In her mind, it was impossible to have three words!
他才多大年纪？	How old is he?
而且，她分明看到，唐舞麟的斗铠是直接从体内浮现出来的，难道他这是二字斗铠不成？	Moreover, she saw, Tang's armor came directly from the body, was he not a two-word armor?
虽然只是一块斗铠，但在这个年纪就能拥有斗铠，简直是不可想象的。	It's unimaginable to have an armor at this age, even though it's only one.
当初她拥有第一块斗铠的时候，已经是二十一岁，这还被称之为天才呢。	When she had her first armor, she was twenty-one, which was also called a genius.
这些年一直刻苦修炼，终于成为了真正的一字斗铠师。	After years of hard work, he finally became a true warrior.
可眼前这些小家伙才多大？	But how big are these little guys?
唐舞麟发动的同时，其他人也迅速行动起来。	At the same time as Tang Lin initiated, others also moved quickly.
徐笠智之前就退的远了，不用多说，一个个包子从他手中飞射而出，轻灵小笼包，嗜血豆沙包，人手一个。	Xuagashi had gone a long way before, not to mention, each of the bags flew out of his hand, light spirit small cage bag, bloody bean bag, man hand one.
唐舞麟左手背在身后，已经将两个包子接了过来，毫不犹豫的都塞入口中。	Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang Tang
必须要速战速决。	There's got to be quick.
哪怕只是一字斗铠，集齐全套之后，也有帮魂师快速恢复魂力的能力。	Even if it is only one word armor, after gathering the whole set, there is also the ability to help the soul master quickly recover the soul power.
和人家持久战，他们一点机会都没有。	They don't have a chance to fight.
左脚在地面上用力一踏，发出“轰”的一声巨响，唐舞麟整个人如铜箭矢一般弹射而起，右臂挡在身前，体内血脉沸腾激发，金龙王气息彭湃而出，他的双眸完全变成了金色，身体中绽放的气血波动充满着酷烈的味道。	With his left foot on the ground, he emitted a blast, and the whole man was shot like a bronze arrow, and his right arm was blocked in front of him, and the blood of his body was stirred up, and the breath of King Jin came out, and his eyes were completely golden, and the blood flowing in his body filled with a bitter taste.
右手金龙爪挡在身前，硬撼对方火焰，硬顶着前冲。	Their right claws against each other's flames, and their front claws against each other.
身为队长，更是强攻系战魂师，他现在绝不能后退半分，只有他挡住正面，伙伴们才有机会。	As a captain, and especially as a strong attacker, he can't go back half now, only if he stays on the front, the partners have a chance.
在嗜血豆沙包的刺激下，他自身的魂力、气血之力瞬间爆发到了顶点，全身皮肤都浮现出了淡金色的鳞片，右手、右臂以及右胸部分，鳞片格外炫丽。	Under the stimulation of the blood of his own soul suddenly exploded to the top of the whole skin appeared pale gold scales, right hand, right arm and right chest part, scales are particularly splendid.
他是双生武魂？	He's a double?
琰凤愣了愣。	Daefeng wasted.
“哼！”	"""Hmm!"""
她根本没有闪避，头顶上火葫芦突然旋转起来，原本的火线变成了大片的火焰喷射，掠过唐舞麟头顶上方，覆盖向他的伙伴们，挡住了其他人。	She had no escape, and suddenly the burning gourd on her head turned into a large flame, and passed over Tang's head, covering his companions, and blocking the others.
她要孤立唐舞麟，先解决了这个明显是对方首脑的小家伙再说。	She wants to isolate Tang Lin, before settling the obvious is the head of the other person say.
金龙爪闪电般到了对方面前，琰凤的右手也抬了起来，握掌成拳，正面硬撼。	Kim's claws flashed in front of the other, Deng Feng's right hand also lifted, clas hands, hard shake face.
眼看着双方就要碰撞，唐舞麟体内的龙吟声突然变得激昂起来，一个足有直径超过两尺的硕大金龙头毫无预兆出现，直接吞噬了琰凤的右臂。	Looking as both sides were about to collide, the dragon's voice in Tang Mai Rin suddenly became intense, a giant gold dragon with feet more than two feet in diameter without any signs appeared, directly swallowed the right arm of Deng Feng.
金龙惊天！	Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh
那天吃了红玉虾之后，唐舞麟自身气血虽然没有能突破金龙王第四道封印，但也有了非常大的提升，让他对金龙惊天的掌控更加熟练了。	After eating the red shrimp that day, Tang's own blood, although not able to break the King's Fourth Seal, but had a very great promotion, making him more skilled in controlling the King's surprise.
琰凤也是吓了一跳，她只觉得一股大力正面传来，紧接着，自己轰出的一拳，火焰就像是被吞噬了似的，金龙爪宛如大钳子一般，抓住了她的右手。	Dae-feng jumped too, and felt only a strong forward, and soon after, with a fist of her own, the flame was like to be swallowed up, and the claws of the Golden Dragon were like a big plier, and grasped her right hand.
金龙爪发力，琰凤身上的一字斗铠整个亮了起来，上面所有的火焰纹路就像是活过来一般，尤其是胸口处的火凤凰，竟然真的动了，化为一只凤凰火影直奔唐舞麟当胸撞来。	With Jin's claws, the dragon's claws brightened, and all the fireworks on it seemed to come alive, especially the fire dragon at the chest, and it really moved, and turned into a fire dragon's shadow, running straight to Tang Mai Rin's chest.
</CHAPTER>	< < <
</BOOK>	</>
"<BOOK id=""499"">"	"<BOOK id=""4"">"
"<CHAPTER id=""499"">"	< < < <
第449章 《邻居家的狗》	Chapter 449 Neighbor's Dog
仔细看过房子之后，确定没什么大问题，就基本定下了，剩下的事情南风会找房产中介和原屋主谈。	After carefully looking at the house, determined that there are no big problems, then basically settled, the rest of the thing Nanfeng will find the real estate agent and the owner of the original.
卷毛今天心情极好，出去撒欢撒得够尽兴。	It's a good day. It's good to go out and enjoy.
在海里游了一圈被方召叫上岸后，还刨了好一会儿沙子玩，等离开的时候狗眼一直盯着车窗外，满是不舍。	After a round in the sea was called to the shore, and played with the sand for a long time, waiting to leave, the dog's eyes stared out the window of the car, full of.
南风见状笑道：“卷毛不用担心，下次来的时候就能直接住进去了，到时候你想玩多久玩多久，每天都能去海里游泳，还有小鱼虾玩喔～”	"""Don't worry,"" said the South Wind, ""I'll be able to live in it the next time, and I'll be able to swim in the sea every day, and I'll be able to play with shrimp."""
卷毛高兴了，趴在车内开始幻想今后的幸福生活。	Curry is happy, lying in the car begin to imagine the future happiness life.
卷毛对海洋是什么印象？	What is the impression on the ocean?
吃海鲜自助餐还不要钱的印象。	It feels like you don't have to pay for a seafood buffet.
它欢快的心情一直持续到回进修生宿舍。	His cheerful mood continued until he returned to the student dormitory.
等南风三人离开之后，方召关上宿舍门，“卷毛过来。”	"As soon as the three south winds left, the side called on the door of the dormitory, ""wrap the hair."
卷毛噌噌噌甩着尾巴就凑过去了。	Miso Miso Miso Miso Miso Miso Miso Miso Miso Miso Miso Miso Miso Miso Miso Miso Miso Miso Miso Miso Miso
“今天玩得开心吧？”	Have a nice day
方召问。	Ask.
“汪！”	"""Wang!"""
“那边好玩吧？”	Isn't it fun there?
方召又问。	He asked again.
卷毛跳起来又“汪”了一声，尾巴甩得特别起劲。	Their hair jumped up again, and their tails were thrown out with special vigor.
“说话。”	Speak.
“好玩！”	It's fun!
卷毛道。	Curved.
它现在已经能熟练切换语言了，发音标准说得也溜。	He is now proficient in changing languages, and the pronunciation standard is too low.
“嗯。”	"""Well."
方召点了点头，然后打开了学习机。	He pointed and opened the learning machine.
卷毛：“……”	Curl Curl Curl
耳朵一抖，缩了缩狗爪，自以为隐蔽地往后退了一步。	Their ears trembled, their claws shrinked, and they took a step back, they thought, in hiding.
方召无视它的退缩，打开学习机，给它看一个新建的文件夹，文件夹内是刚购买的电子书——	Call,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
《海洋环境保护法》	Marine Protection Act
《青少年环境保护知识丛书》	Youth Environmental Knowledge Book
《海洋野生动物保护名录》	List of marine wildlife
《海洋环境管理》	Marine Environmental Management
《新世纪人必须了解的一百个海洋知识》	One Hundred Ocean Knowledge
《大海啊，我的家》	Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh
全是海洋相关的书，一共二十本。	It's all about 20 books.
不仅有电子书，还有配套的测试题，二十套。	There are not only electronic books, but also accompanying test questions, twenty sets.
卷毛：“……”	Curl Curl Curl
振奋的耳朵蔫了下来。	The vibrating ears fell.
“知道你看书快，现在应该更快了？”	Know you read fast, now should be faster?
“文件夹里的二十本书看完，相应的二十套测试题全部拿到满分，就放你去海里玩。”	"""When you have finished the 20 books in your folder and all the corresponding 20 tests scored, you go to the sea and play."
“预计离搬过去还有不超过十五天的时间。”方召说道。	"""It is expected that will not be more than fifteen days,"" said the summoner."
都是些死记硬背的知识，以卷毛现在记忆力和学习能力，拿到满分并不算难。	It's all hard knowledge, with the hair now memory and learning ability, to get the full score is not difficult.
卷毛去海里，方召并不担心它的安全，相反，他担心的是卷毛把海里某些濒危动物吃到灭绝。	To go into the sea, the summons are not concerned about its safety, on the contrary, he is concerned about the to eat some of the endangered animals in the sea.
卷毛的胃究竟有多大，方召到现在都还不清楚。	It is not yet clear how large the stomach is.
在埠星录节目期间，卷毛在沙漠里偷吃过，在海里也偷吃过，只是因为方召的警告，卷毛并没有真正敞开胃去吃。	During the Wharf's recordings, it had stolen food in the desert, and it had stolen food in the sea, but it hadn't really opened its stomach to eat, just because of the warning.
毕竟在埠星停留的时间不长，又有方召管束，还要顾及埠星其他人，它偷吃也吃不了太多。	After all, it is not long to stop at the dock, and there is another way to call the pipes, and to take into account the others at the dock, it can not eat too much.
但以后搬去新家，卷毛每天都有机会去海里，不加管制的话那就相当于物种入侵，以一狗之力打破这片海域的生态平衡。	But when I moved to a new home and had the opportunity to go into the sea every day, without any regulation, it would have been an invasion of the species, to break the ecological balance of the area with the power of a dog.
方召得提前让卷毛了解一些事情，海洋生命好不容易恢复到如今的程度，可不能让卷毛破坏了。	It's not easy to restore marine life to what it is today, but it can't be destroyed.
不考满分别想入海，继续跟学习机作伴吧！	Do not complete separate to the sea, continue with the learning machine!
这天，南风因为新住宅装修的事情来找方召。	On this day, the south wind has come for the new house decoration.
一进宿舍门，南风就看到卷毛在面壁，垂着狗头蔫蔫蹲那儿，狗眼下方还有泪痕。	At the entrance, the south wind saw the coat on the wall, hanging on the dog's head, and below the dog's eyes there were tears.
脚步顿了顿，南风将视线移开，去找方召，先解决手头的事情。	As the foot slowed, the south wind shifted the view, to find the summon, to settle the matter before hand.
至于卷毛这边，这是常态，南风已经能很淡定地看待了。	As for thermal side, this is the norm, the south wind has been able to look very lightly.
谈完装修的事情，南风想起今天看到的事，又道：“对了老板，今天网上的事情你知道么？”	"After talking about the decoration, the south wind remembered what was seen today, and said, ""Yes boss, do you know what is on the Internet today?"
“什么事？”	"""What is it?"""
方召今天在写论文，通讯设置过了，没重要的事情不会打扰他。	He's writing today, and communications are set up, so nothing important will disturb him.
这段时间网上关于他的话题很多，找他的人也多，方召只能设置勿扰模式。	During this time there is a lot about him on the internet, and there are a lot of people looking for him, and the summons can only set the do not disturb mode.
“威尔的画你知道吗？”	"""Do you know Will's painting?"
南风问。	asked the South.
“知道，是关于威尔结业作品的？”	"""You know, about Will's career?"""
威尔的结业画展方召去看过，也是A+高分，结业作品其中一幅画画的就是卷毛，名字叫《邻居家的狗》。	"Will's final painting was called ""Neighbor's Dog"" and received an A+."
画展都过去两天了，再加上今天从早上开始方召就在宿舍写论文，网上发生了什么他还真不知道。	It's been two days, plus he's been writing papers in his dorm since this morning, and he really doesn't know what's happened on the internet.
南风将了解到的信息说给方召听。	The South Wind will listen to the information.
原来，威尔的结业画展结束后，学院将他的画放在学校网站内展示，引发热议。	After Will's final exhibition, the college placed his paintings on the school's website, sparking enthusiasm.
威尔顺利完成了他去年制定的进修计划——短期目标画方召，终期目标画方召的狗。	Will successfully completed his retraining plan last year - short-to--to--to--to--to---to---to---to---to---to---to---to---to--to--to--to--to--to--to--to--to--to--to--to--to--to--to--to---to---to---to---to---to---to---to---to--to--to--to--to--to--to--to-to--to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-
短期目标早就完成，威尔的那副《我的邻居》当初在网上引起了热议，还有网友开玩笑说威尔将方召画得像个外星人。	"Will's short-term goal was already achieved, and Will's ""My Neighbor"" was initially popular on the Internet, as well as online jokes that Will was summoned to paint like an alien."
这次，继《我的邻居》之后，《邻居家的狗》再次登上当天的热搜榜。	"This time, after ""My Neighbor"", ""Neighbor's Dog"" again climbed the day's hot list."
《邻居家的狗》是威尔进修期间耗时最长，钻研最久，最花费心力，同时也是威尔最满意的作品。	The Neighbor's Dog is the longest, most intensive, and most satisfying work by Will.
这幅画与之前《我的邻居》的风格相近，只是看上去更难懂，《我的邻居》好歹还能看出个人样，《邻居家的狗》就看不出狗样了，要不是看到画的名字，谁都不会认为画里的是条狗，还是条小宠物狗。	This painting is closer to the style of My Neighbour, but it looks more difficult to understand, My Neighbour can also be seen as a person, My Neighbour's Dog can't be seen as a dog, unless you see the name of the painting, nobody will think it's a dog or a little pet dog.
极富生机的色彩渲染，神秘又蕴含大气魄，似乎过于超凡脱俗，却又说不出哪里不当，越研究，心底越会升起一股颤栗感。	The rich color rendering, Mystery and embodiment of the atmosphere, seems to be too super secular, but also can not say where wrong, the more research, the heart will lift up a sense of tremor.
“方召那条狗，有这么可怕吗？”	Isn't it scary to call the dog?
皇艺一名学生在看到这幅画后回想了下在校园里遇到过的那条小卷毛狗，再上网搜一搜方召的狗，确定自己没记错。	When a student saw this painting, he thought back to the little striped dog he had met on campus, and searched on the Internet for the dog he had called, and he was sure he hadn't made any mistake.
而皇艺这边，听过方召结业音乐会也近距离分析了威尔这幅画的人，则是另一种感想。	On the other hand, the people who listened to the concert also analyzed the Will painting closely, is another impression.
“真要说的话，这幅画给我的感觉，与方召的那首《η》差不多。”	"""I mean, this painting gives me a feeling similar to the one called 'η'."
“有点超过常人的理解范围了。”	"""It's a little more than people understand."
就算是外行人站在这幅画前，静静地看上几秒，即便看不懂，心里却毛毛的，身体都忍不住打寒颤的感觉。	Even outsiders standing in front of this painting, looking quietly for a few seconds, even if they don't understand, their hearts are hairy, and their bodies can't help feeling cold.
网上，讨论更是激烈。	On the Internet, discussion is even more intense.
“我发现进修之后的威尔完全放飞了，思想自由驰骋，不是我等能理解的了。“	"""I found that Will, after the training, was completely free of thoughts, which I didn't expect to understand. """
“什么仇什么怨！竟然将方召的狗画成这样！”	What hatred, what hatred! What hatred!
“前面那位朋友一定没见过威尔上一幅，《我的邻居》了解一下，先看看威尔是怎么画方召的。”	"""The friend before must have never seen a picture by Will. ""My Neighbour"" let's see first how Will paints."
“说不定威尔是被狗咬过，对狗有心理阴影，不然不可能画得这么吓人！”	"""I don't know if Will was bitten by a dog, or if he had a psychological shadow, he couldn't be so scary!"""
“好好一个小可爱给画成个怪物了！”	Have a nice little monster!
“这叫艺术！”	It's called art!
“艺术家的世界果然不是我等凡人能懂的。”	"""The world of artists isn't what I think it is."
“不吹不黑，我盯着画看了整整五分钟，还是体会不到他要表达啥，但就是莫名觉得好牛逼，心里还有股怪怪的感觉。”	I stared at the painting for five minutes, and I didn't realize what he was saying, but I felt like a good bull, and I had a strange feeling in my heart.
“这种属于更深层面的画作，需要细细研究。”	"""These paintings belong to a deeper level and need to be studied in detail."
“这画不好卖吧？”	Isn't this painting good for sale?
“买回去辟邪也可以。”	"""You can buy it back."""
“还是值得投资的，看好威尔这个画家，他还年轻。”	Still worth investing in Will, who is still young.
其实在威尔的画在校网展示之后，就有人找他买画了。	Actually, after Will's paintings were displayed on the school's web, someone looked for him to buy paintings.
最后一名来自牧洲的收藏家高价买下了《邻居家的狗》这幅画，出价远超过了皇艺的预估价位。	The Neighbor's Dog was purchased by the last collector from Makizhou at a price well above the estimated price of Royal Art.
有些人认为这名牧洲的收藏家对卷毛过分狂热了，在面对卷毛时，牧洲人似乎总是不够冷静。	Some people think the collector of the Pashu is too passionate about the hair, faced with the hair, Pashu people always seem to be not calm enough.
也有人认为这是纯炒作，不是为威尔这个人就是为方召那条狗，牧洲人在对待狗的事情上的确令人无法理解，仿佛失了智。	Others think it's pure speculation, it's not about Will, it's about calling the dog, it's really unintelligible, it's like they're losing their minds.
对此，皇洲电视台书画频道特意派人去采访了这名高价买画的人。	In response, a special assignment was sent to interview the high-price buyer of the painting.
接受采访的时候，牧洲收藏家表示：“很多人买威尔的画，投资的只是威尔这个人，而不是画。”	"""Many people buy Will's paintings and invest only in him, not in the paintings,"" said the collector in an interview."
“我不同，我看的是画，当然也为画里的狗。”	"""I'm different. I'm looking at paintings, of course, for the dogs in the paintings."
“我有种预感，这幅画未来会被炒到天价。”	"""I have a feeling that painting will be sold for a price in the future."
看到采访直播的小熊：“牧洲人对狗真的有一种可怕的直觉。”	"""There is a really terrible sense of dog in the people of Pashu,"" he said."
“人类果然是奇特的生物。”	"""Man is indeed a strange creature."""
于是，因着威尔这幅《邻居家的狗》卷毛也登上热搜，并出现在皇洲时事新闻头条。	"So, because of Will's ""Neighbor's Dog"" rolled up the hot search, and appeared in the headlines of the Queen's Time."
南风离开后，方召翻了翻网上的新闻，对卷毛道：“这几天你就不要出门了，再站五分钟回去看书。”	"After the south wind left, the party turned over the news on the Internet, said to卷毛: ""You don't go out these days, go back and read for five minutes."
“早上的测试才考62，保护动物这一块再多看两遍！”	"""It's only 62 in the morning test,"" and ""I'll watch this one again!"""
“鲸鱼那是能吃的吗！”	"""Are whales edible?"""
“珊瑚也不能吃！”	"""The corals can't eat!"""
</CHAPTER>	< < <
</BOOK>	</>
"<BOOK id=""455"">"	"<BOOK id=""45"">"
"<CHAPTER id=""455"">"	< < < <
第455章: 逆转 3	CHAPTER 45 5
“这就是带您感受下气息波动，真的很简单的。”一旁的另一名术士忍不住也笑着插话道。	"""It's really simple,"" said one of the other magicians, who couldn't help laughing."
“那就有劳了。”	"""That's a lot of work."
林盛点点头。	Lin raised his head.
他需要最快速度的找到其他碎片，原本他是打算政府更多邪灵，获得更多纯净魂力。	He needed the fastest to find other pieces, originally he intended to government more evil spirits, get more pure soul power.
不过现在既然遇到这等机遇，最快速度的拿到手里才是王道。	But now that opportunity, the fastest to get in the hands is the king way.
很快，术士长带领林盛站到一处邪灵门前。	Shortly afterwards, the Master led Lam to an evil gate.
两人伸手同时轻轻接触到邪灵门边框上，闭上眼睛。	Both hands gently touch the evil door frame, close the eyes.
术士长迅速以异能，开始构建空间基盘，作为坐标确立。	Therapist quickly began to construct a space base as a coordinate.
然后循着邪灵门的仪式波动，带上林盛的感知意识，一起被仪式波动发射出去。	Following the ritual fluctuation of the evil spirit gate, carrying the consciousness of Linming, together the ritual fluctuation is launched out.
“普通的传送门仪式，是点对点的定向传送。”	"""The ordinary transmission ceremony is a point-to-point orientation transmission."""
“但我们一般探索其他空间秘境，则是将这种点对点，变换成点对多。”	"""But we usually explore other space secrets by turning these points into multiple points. """
“这个只需要在传送基盘上，修改一点点小小的参数即可。”	"""It's just on the transfer disk, modifying little parameters. """
术士长一边引领林盛的意识，一边传授出相关技巧。	On the one hand, the master guides the consciousness of Lin, on the other hand, teaches the related techniques.
“这样一来，邪灵门就会自发的将我们的意识传送到多个类似目标空间的可能之处里。”	"""In this way, the Devil Gate will spontaneously transmit our consciousness to the possibilities of many similar target spaces. """
“这其实就是用能量碰运气，运气好，一下子就能撞上我们想要的空间秘境，运气不好，我们就得浪费能量多试几次。”	"""It's really just a matter of energy. If we're lucky, we can hit the secret of space we want. If we're not lucky, we're going to have to spend more energy trying."
“还真是够随机的。”	"""It's really random."
林盛无语。	Lin is silent.
他的感知一进入邪灵门，马上便被其中的仪式波动，夹裹着往外发射散开。	As soon as his sense entered the demon gate, he was immediately fluctuated by the ritual, wrapped and sent out.
同一时间，他就像是意识分裂了一样，感知意识被分开成十多份，同时感知十多个完全不同的空间气息。	At the same time, he felt as if consciousness had been divided into more than ten, and at the same time felt more than ten completely different spaces.
“一般来说，我们的意识在传送过程中，很难保持完整性，所以我们只能尽量记忆主意识所接触到的空间坐标。”	"""In general, our consciousness is difficult to maintain in the course of transmission, so we can only remember as much as possible the spatial coordinates that the primary consciousness is in contact with."
“坐标的记忆，需要我们留下一个简单的标记....”	Coordinate memory requires us to leave a simple mark.
外面的术士长还在低声解释，同时引导林盛，教导他如何制作一个简单的标记，从而确定坐标代码。	Outside, therapist explains in a low voice, while guiding Linmer, teaching him how to create a simple marker, thus determining the coordinate code.
但他完全没想到，灵锁的意识灵魂因为太过强大坚韧，被分裂出去后，十多份意识所接触到的空间，他全部都能记忆下其中坐标。	But he did not realize that the conscious soul of the Ring was too strong and tough to be able to remember the coordinates of more than ten conscious spaces after being separated.
不过就是一心十多用而已。这对于灵魂意识可以一心N用的林盛来说，并不算什么。他天天都在锻炼一心几十用的技艺。	But it's more than one heart. That's nothing for the soul consciousness can use one heart N. He's every day practicing the techniques of one heart dozens.
每一个召唤物，他都能通过分裂的意识灵魂控制观察。所以现在他虽然做不到一个人同时控制很多召唤物分别独立行动。	He can control observation by means of split consciousness. So now he can control many calls at the same time independently, although he can not do it alone.
但仅仅只是记忆下气息波动，分别立下坐标而已。	But just to remember the fluctuation of the breath, and set the coordinates separately.
再加上他本身灵魂就比一般人坚韧，存在时间更长。这点还是非常轻松。	Plus his own soul is more resilient than ordinary people and has a longer life.
十分钟后。意识消耗殆尽，散去。	Ten minutes later. consciousness is exhausted. scattered.
林盛睁开眼，看向术士长几人。	Lin opened his eyes and looked at some of the masters.
“给我定位这个坐标的空间秘境。”他马上在术士长等人瞠目结舌的注视下，说出其中一个特殊的空间秘境坐标。	"""Let me locate the secret of this coordinate,"" he said at once, with the eye of the master and others."
这个坐标的空间秘境，正是林盛感知到的，拥有和他怀里阴转邪轮碎片同源的特殊空间。	The secret of this coordinate is the special space that Lin was aware of, has with him the same source of the rotation of the evil circle.
“一次就成功了么？”	Did it work once?
术士长心中有些苦涩，他当初第一次感知空间气息，确定坐标并记录下，可是花了足足半个多月才成。	The Master had some bitterness in his mind. He first sensed the air of space, determined the coordinates and recorded, but it took him a little more than a month and a half.
“很简单的操作。”	"""It's a simple operation."
“开始吧，建立传送门。”	"""Let's start,"" he said."
“我要过去。”林盛吩咐道。	"""I'll go,"" said Lin."
“是。”	"""Yes."""
“等等本体。”	Wait for the body.
天工霞的灵魂传音，让林盛动作一滞。	Sha's soul transmits, leaving Lin for a moment.
“怎么？”	"""What?"""
他一边注视着术士长等人开始吩咐邪灵搬动材料资源过来，一边走到一旁等待着，同时和天工霞在脑海里交流传音。	He watched as the Masters and others began to order the devils to move the material resources, and as he waited by one side, he was communicating with the Heavenly Worker Xia in his mind.
“这边有情况。比沙加岛那边，出现大转变了！”	There is. There is a big change over there.
天工霞语气隐隐有些凝重。	Xiang's voice was a little stiff.
这是林盛从未见过的迹象。	This is a sign that Linz never saw.
要知道当初就算是他将夜之王的存在告诉给天工霞，也没见过她有这么严肃。	Knowing that even when he had the existence of the night king told the worker of the night, never saw her so serious.
这让他感受到一丝异常的紧张感。	It made him feel a little nervous.
“弥月应该处于绝对劣势吧？”	M M M M M M M M M M
林盛皱眉问。	asked Lin.
“还是说有新的战力加入了？”	Or is there a new force?
“不，不是新的战力。”天工霞郑重道。	"""No, it's not a new force,"" said Xiang."
“而是弥月骗了所有人！”	Instead, the moon has deceived everyone!
“？？？怎么回事？”	What's the matter?
“七锁塔早就召唤成功了，弥月骗了三大秘境的所有人，他早就已经成功召唤出了法鲁多！利用他自己作为祭品！和其融为一体了！”	"""The seven locks have already been summoned successfully, the moon has deceived all of the three secrets, he has already been summoned successfully, he has used himself as a prize, and he has merged with it!"""
林盛顿时意识一滞。	Lin suddenly lost consciousness.
“以自身为祭品？”	"""A sacrifice for myself?"""
“......这个疯子！”	"""The madman!"""
“所以，现在三大秘境面对的，是弥月加上法鲁多的融合怪物....”	So now the three secrets facing are the mixed monsters of the moon and Frodo....
林盛无言以对。	Lin is not right.
“现在我们该怎么做？”	What should we do now?
天工霞凝重道。	Xiang.
法鲁多结合弥月，这两者的叠加可不是一加一等于二那么简单，而是三乘以十的结局。	Forward combines the moon, and the overlap of the two is not so simple as one plus one equals two, but three times ten.
“不要激动。”	Don't get excited.
“对弥月和法鲁多而言，最大的敌人还是三大秘境和其他诸多大势力。”	"""The biggest enemy is the Three Secrets and many other great powers."""
“而且这个世界并不是你想的那么简单。”	And the world isn't as simple as you think.
林盛想到之前调查过，得到的资料。	Lin thought of the information that had been investigated before.
“大星池，还有那些持有天命圣器的家伙，都不是简单的角色。”	"""The Star Pool,"" ""and those who hold sacred things,"" ""are not simple characters."""
“只要他别来招惹我们，我们也懒得管他们怎么发展。”	As long as he doesn't draw us, we too are lazy to take care of how they develop.
“我明白你的意思了。”	"""I understand what you mean."
“不过最好还是早作准备。”天工霞提醒道。	"""But it's better to prepare early,"" she reminded."
“我曾经有过那个级别的毁灭性力量。就是在我被魔剑操纵的那段时期。”	"""I had that level of destructive power at the time when I was controlled by the sword."""
“所以我很清楚，那种级别的力量会导致什么样的结果。”	"""So I know what the power of that level will do. """
林盛默然。	Lin.
他所有的统领中，天工霞是最特殊的一个。因为天工霞曾经被某种特异的强大存在所影响控制过。	Among all his rulers, he was the most special one, because he had been controlled by a special and powerful existence.
那时候的她，甚至在记忆回溯里，还发觉了林盛的窥视。	At that time, even in the back of the memory, had noticed the sight of Lin.
仅仅只是一道记忆里的影像印记，居然还能发现窥视记忆的林盛。	It's just an image of a memory, but it's also found to peer into the memory.
这样的强大，已经超出了林盛的理解范围。	It's so powerful that's beyond Linz's understanding.
“我知道了。”林盛再度回答。	"""I know,"" replied Lin."
“我会做好准备。”	"""I'll be ready."
“放心吧。”	"""Don't worry."
大不了开启最强的那种特殊状态，召唤所有统领力量，融为自身。	It is not possible to open the most powerful kind of special state, summon all the commanding powers, melt into itself.
断开和天工霞的联系，林盛静静凝视着刚刚构建好的全新邪灵门。心思重新回到原来的思路。	Cutting off the connection with the work, Lin stared quietly just built a new evil door.
“打开好了。尊上。”术士长低声道。	"""It's open,"" said the Master in a low voice."
林盛凝视着这道传送门，默然片刻。	Lin stared at the door, quietly.
“让妖精王过来。另外，德嘉尔！”	"""Let the fairy king come"" ""And,"" ""Degar!"""
德嘉尔魔手早已到了附近等候。	The Guardian is already near.
听到召唤，马上从门口走进来。	Hearing the call, he entered from the door.
“尊上，听从您的吩咐。”	"""Lord, listen to your command."""
林盛点点头。	Lin raised his head.
“我要同时打开多道传送门，探索多个邪灵空间。”	"""I'm going to open several transmissions at the same time and explore many evil spaces."""
“你选出大邪灵一百位，分成不同数目队伍，分开试探性探索。”	"""You've chosen a hundred great demons, and you've divided them into teams of different sizes, and you've divided them into exploratory teams."
“遵命！”	"""Follow me!"""
德嘉尔魔手心头凛然，知道恐怕是尊上遇到什么转折了。	Decar's heart washed, knowing that was a turning point.
否则不会突然这么急迫的大规模动手探索。	Otherwise there will be no sudden and urgent large-scale hands-on exploration.
</CHAPTER>	< < <
</BOOK>	</>
"<BOOK id=""70"">"	"<BOOK id=""70"">"
"<CHAPTER id=""70"">"	< < < <
第70章: 东来洞主（八）	Chapter 70: The Lord
这正是宋扶等人想问的，被人抢先问出，你看看我，我看看你，都不知道怎么回事，哪里答的出来。	It's what Song and others wanted to ask, was taken out first, you look at me, I look at you, all don't know what's going on, where the answer comes out.
苗毅立刻飞身向发出巨响的地方飞去，阎修三人立刻跟上。	Yu immediately flew to the place that made a huge sound, Yan Shu three immediately follow.
宋扶等人相视一眼，也跟了上去一看究竟。	Song and others looked at a glance, also followed up to see exactly.
众人来到山门门口，只见月色下，刻着‘东来洞’三个字的石雕大牌坊已经碎了一地，让众人皆是一惊，竟然有人毁了东来洞的山门。	When they came to the door of the mountain, they saw the moon, and the three-letter stone engraving had broken a place, and all the people were astonished that there had been a man who had destroyed the mountain door of the east entrance.
苗毅霍然回头，面目狰狞地看向宋扶等人，冷笑不止道：“好啊！”	Turn back, look at Song and others, and smile more than saying, Good!
“我今天才刚到，看来就有人迫不及待想给我一个下马威！”	"""I've only come here today,"" he said, ""and there seems to be someone who wants to give me one."
“很好！”	Good!
宋扶等人一愣，对方话里的意思他们明白，可这事绝对不是他们干的，因为他们刚才正围坐在一起小聚，也正商量着今后怎么给苗毅颜色看，也是听到异常响声才跑出来的。	Song and others were in astonishment, they understood in the words of the other, but this is absolutely not done by them, because they were just sitting around together a little gathering, and are discussing how to look at the future to Miaoyi, and heard the unusual noise before running out.
几人本还怀疑是不是苗毅他们干的，可见苗毅这个样子，觉得苗毅也没必要砸自己的山门给自己颜色看，毕竟苗毅是东来洞的洞主，刚上任就被人砸了招牌可是件丢脸的事情。	Several people have doubted whether they did it, see it like this, and think that it is not necessary to break his own mountain gate to look at the color, after all, that苗毅 is the owner of Donglai-dong, has just been appointed by people to break the sign is a disgraceful thing.
这种事情肯定要说清楚，否则一旦捅上去担不起这个责任，宋扶正色抱拳道：“洞主，此事绝不是我等所为！”	"This must be said clearly, or once stabbed into bearing this responsibility, Song holds up his fist, ""The cave master, this is not what I will do!"
其他几人也跟着抱拳保证，貌似还是第一次正儿八经把苗毅当洞主对待。	Several others followed, seemingly for the first time in eight years to treat Miao as the master of the cave.
“狡辩！”	"""Clear!"""
苗毅盯着宋扶厉声道：“我今天才委派你看守山门，有人毁了山门你会不知道？”	"""I only sent you to guard the mountain gate, someone destroyed the mountain gate you don't know?"""
“莫不是你有意放水！”	Isn't that's what you're doing?
“这……”	"""This..."""
宋扶为之语结，他压根就没在这里，现在也不好说我压根就不把你这洞主放在眼里所以才没在，只能抱拳‘老实’交代道：“洞主刚来可能不知道情况，东来城的杂役尚未派来，我等饮食皆是自己处理，为了果腹，属下暂时离开了一下，没想到就发生了这样的事情。”	Song,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
王子法等人也陆续抱拳证明道：“洞主，我等可以证明，宋扶师兄刚才正和我们一起用膳。”	"Prince Fa and others hold the fist to prove: ""The master of the cave, I wait to prove, the brother of Song is just eating with us."
苗毅指着倒下的牌坊厉声道：“难道这是自己倒下来？你们千万别告诉我说，是被风吹倒的！”	Miao said with a loud voice, Is it you who fell down? Don't tell me it was blown down by the wind!
宋扶有点哑巴吃黄连，不得不举手道：“洞主，我可以向我蓝玉门历代先师起誓，这绝非我们所为，若有半句假话，叫我宋扶不得好死！”	Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song
苗毅目光闪烁不定地扫过众人，语气阴沉道：“难道有人来我东来洞闹事？”	"Seong's eyes flickered uncertainly across the crowd and said in a tone of darkness, ""Is there anyone who comes to me east to get into trouble?"""
众人心下一惊，还真有这可能，都迅速环顾四周。	Everyone was astonished that was possible and looked around quickly.
“你们还在这里等什么？难道想在睡梦中被人抹脖子不成？”	What are you waiting for? Don't you want to get your neck out of sleep?
“还不快给我散开搜索！”	Don't give me the search!
苗毅怒声道。	Ha Ha.
阎修三人先抱拳应下，迅速散向了四周山林之中。	The Three Sho Sho Sho Sho Sho Sho Sho Sho Sho Sho Sho Sho Sho
“嗯？”	"""Well?"
苗毅鼻腔重重一哼，目光瞪向了宋扶等人，貌似在质问既然不是你们干的，为什么不去搜查，是不是知道什么？	Xiao's nose hum, eyes stared at Song and others, seeming to question since it's not you do, why not search, do you know what?
这个时候怎么都要表态证明和自己等人没关系，宋扶立刻回头左右，喝道：“还不遵从洞主号令去搜查！”	At this time how to show that is not related to himself and others, Song Shu immediately turned around, drinking: Don't follow the order of the cave master to search!
众人向苗毅一拱手，也立刻散开了。	Their hands were stretched out at once.
不过宋扶却被苗毅给叫住了，“宋扶，你跟我来！”	"However, Song was called by Sung Yi, ""Song Song, you come with me!"
宋扶怔了怔，抱拳称是，跟在了苗毅的身后。	Therm, therm, therm, therm, and therm.
就在众人离开后，一道如水中人影的虚影现身在原地，不是别人，赫然是风华绝代的老白身影。	As soon as they left, a shadow like the shadow of the water appeared on the ground, not the others, but the old white shadow of the age of fashion.
只见老白盯着倒下的石门牌坊，微微摇头轻笑道：“世事如棋，热血男儿岂可只有匹夫之勇！”	"Only saw old white staring at the fallen stone gate, slightly shook his head and smiled, ""The world is like chess, is not a hot-blooded man only the strength of the Pef!"
“一直担心你这小子本性太过善良，容易吃亏…男儿横行当有术，区区莽夫难登天，如今我倒是放心不少。”	"""I've been worried about your being too good, too easy to lose,"" he said. ""I've been worried about your being too good to lose."
话落，整个人影又如同水波般晃动，在晃动中悄然消失得无影无踪。	At the end, the whole man's shadow wandered like a wave, and disappeared silently in the wander.
东来大殿蜡炬摇影，宋扶跟在苗毅身后一前一后站定在了大殿内，外面的黑炭已经站了起来，似乎察觉到了什么打了个响嚏。	In the east of the torch shaking, Song stood behind Seung Yi one by one in the hall, outside the black charcoal has stood up, seems to have noticed what sneezed.
苗毅面无表情地盯着自己的宝座，负手背对宋扶，一声不吭。	He stared at his throne with a blank face, leaned back at Song, and did not speak.
两人之间的气氛有点压抑，宋扶等了会儿，终于忍不住问道：“洞主召我何事？”	The atmosphere between the two a bit depressed, Song waited for a moment, at last he could not help asking,What does the master call me?
苗毅语气阴沉道：“宋扶，你可知罪？”	"""You know what's wrong with you,"" he said."
宋扶嘴角露出讥讽，瞥了眼一旁矮桌上的酒菜，淡然道：“此事绝非我等所为，宋扶何罪之有？”	With a grinning, he glanced at the dining table, and said softly, This is not what I'm doing, what is wrong with Song?
“我问的不是这个！”	That's not what I'm asking!
苗毅霍然转身，盯着他，一字一句地冷冷问道：“我命你看守山门，你为何擅离职守？莫非不将我这洞主的号令放在眼中！”	"He turned, stared at him, and asked coldly, ""I have ordered you to guard the mountain gates, why do you leave the office? Why do you not keep my cave master's orders in your eyes!"""
宋扶心想，你以为呢？	Song thought, what do you think?
本来就没放在眼中。	I didn't think of it.
嘴上当然不会这样说，“宋扶已经向洞主禀明，某实属无奈，只为果腹暂时离去，出现这样的事情我也不想看到。”	No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No
苗毅问道：“你觉得我把这件事情报上去后，府主和山主那里会相信你的解释吗？”	"""Do you think that when I report the matter, the lords and the lords of the mountains will believe your explanation?"""
宋扶呵呵笑道：“人嘴两张皮，洞主非要诬陷宋某，那就请便，不过洞主别忘了，某也有一张嘴辩解，并非哑巴。”	"Song said with a smile: ""Your mouth has two skins, so please don't blame Song, but don't forget that someone has a mouth to argue, not a dumb."""
苗毅嘿嘿道：“看来你还真是死不悔改！”	"""It looks like you don't have to repent!"""
此话一出，阎修、单表义和邱绍群联袂闪身出现在门外，一起走了进来向苗毅抱拳道：“洞主，暂时没有发现可疑之人。”	"As soon as this was said, Yan, Uniformity, and the Cheu Shao group appeared together outside the door, and went in to hold Qian Yu: ""The master of the cave, for the time being, did not find any suspect."""
苗毅说道：“可疑之人就在眼前，何来没有发现一说！”	"""The suspect is in sight, why not find a word! """
单表义和邱绍群似乎接到了暗号，迅速闪身将殿门一关。	Simplification and the Cheu Shao group seem to have received the encryption, quickly flashing to shut the door.
宋扶闻声一惊，迅速回头，却见杀神般的阎修一双板斧已经怒劈而来。	Sung,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!
宋扶迅速拔出随身佩剑，一道寒光出鞘，迅速丁零当啷抵挡。	Song quickly pulled out with him sword, a cold light out of the sheath, quickly dozen as a buckle against.
单表义和邱绍群几乎也在瞬间挺枪而出，联手围攻宋扶。	Single and the Cheu Shao group almost instantly shot out, joined hands surrounded Song.
阎修和宋扶的修为差不多，两人本就势均力敌，再加上单表义和邱绍群联手加入，宋扶的形势瞬间变得岌岌可危。	Yan and Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song Song
“无耻贼子！”	Shameless Thief!
“安敢谋害……”	"""You dare kill..."""
被包围之下，无法脱身，堪堪挥剑和阎修拼命相持在一起的宋扶悲声怒吼还没喊完，便被拼命穿刺而来的两支枪刺穿了法力防御，狠狠扎进了胸膛。	Being surrounded and unable to escape, Kan waved his sword and Yan Shu was struggling to be together with Song's grieving cry, and before he had finished, was hit hard by the two guns coming hard by the defense of the force, hit hard into the chest.
宋扶瞪大了双眼努力回头看向苗毅，哆嗦着嘴唇，眼中的愤怒无法形容。	Song shook his eyes trying to look back at Seung Yi, shaking lips, the anger in his eyes can not be described.
他终于明白了这是个圈套，山门牌坊倒塌不但是要栽赃到他身上，而且还要把他的同门给调离开，为免他联合同门反抗，主要目的就是要他的命。	He finally realized that was a conspiracy, that the collapse of the mountain gate was not only to plunder him, but also to leave his own gate, to prevent him from rebelling against it, and the main purpose was his own life.
</CHAPTER>	< < <
</BOOK>	</>
"<BOOK id=""805"">"	"<BOOK id=""805"">"
"<CHAPTER id=""805"">"	"<CHAPTER id=""805"">"
第805章 最后一个故事	Chapter 805
“在东校区？”	"""In the East?"""
周图明显犹豫了一下，不管是学长还是老师都曾警告过新生，不要靠近东校区，他们没有说明具体的原因，但从他们说话的语气中能够听出东校区很危险。	Zhou had some hesitation, because neither the principal nor the teacher had warned the new students not to come near the Eastern School District, and they had not given any specific reasons, but from the tone of their speech they could hear that the Eastern School District was dangerous.
“你们对东校区有很深的误解，那里其实和这里差不多，只是两个校区的管理方式完全不同，他们活在真实的恐怖里，而你们活在虚假的幸福中。”	"""You have a deep misunderstanding of the Eastern School District, which is almost the same as here, except that the two School Districts are managed completely differently, and they live in real terror, and you live in real happiness."
陈歌看着周图的眼睛：“相比较你们，其实他们更加接近希望，因为他们至少知道自己是谁，知道解脱的办法。”	"Chen looked into Zhou's eyes and said, "" Compared to you, they are actually closer to hope, because they at least know who they are and know how to get out of it."
陈歌没有欺骗周图，不管是东校区还是西校区的学生，他们全部被困在了这所学校里。	Chen didn't deceive Zhou, either the Eastern or the Western students, they were all trapped in this school.
西校区的学生记忆被修改，重复着幕后黑手制作出来的生活，东校区的学生好歹还知道寻找替死鬼，想办法离开。	Their memories were altered, repeating the life of the black behind the scenes, and the good and bad students of the Eastern School know to look for the dead, to think of a way to leave.
“东学校的学生更接近希望？”	"""The students are closer to hope?"""
“可我听说只有西校区的不要的垃圾才会被送到那里。”	"""But I've heard it's only the garbage that's not needed in the West Campus that's sent there."""
周图已经被说动，但他心里还是有些不踏实。	Zhou has been talked about,but he still has some uncertainty in his heart.
“不管评判标准是什么，任何把学生当做垃圾的学校，那这个学校一定是个垃圾学校。”	No matter what the criteria are, any school that treats its students as garbage must be a garbage school.
陈歌伸手指着两个校区中间高高的围墙：“你们知道那堵墙为什么存在吗？”	Chen reaches for the high wall between the two schools: Do you know why that wall exists?
“为什么？”	"""Why?"
“因为学校害怕失控，他们通过各种各样的方法来重塑人性，但他们忘记了人性是这个世界上最复杂的东西。”	"""Because schools are afraid of losing control, they re-form humanity in all kinds of ways, but they forget humanity is the most complicated thing in the world."
“事情已经发生了，不管如何去遗忘，留下的伤口总会烙印在心上。”	"""It's happened, and whatever you forget, the wounds that are left will always be in your heart."""
“什么都不记得，不代表它们不存在，所以这学校的某些计划注定会失败。”	"""I don't remember anything,"" he said. ""It doesn't mean they don't exist, so some of the school's plans are destined to fail."""
陈歌说着一些社团成员听不懂的话，他们不知道陈歌为什么这样说，但却感觉陈歌说的似乎有一些道理。	Some of the members didn't understand why she said this, but they felt that she had something to say.
孩子的好奇心本身就重，陈歌又不断告诉他们这所学校的真相，最后成功引起了社团成员们的兴趣。	Their curiosity wasted, and Chen continued to tell them the truth of the school, and finally succeeded in attracting the interest of the members of the society.
“那我们现在就过去？”	So we're done now?
“说实话我还真不相信，东校区里会有我梦中的画室”周图小声说道。	"""To tell the truth, I really don't believe that there will be a painting room I dreamed of,"" said Zhou."
“现在还不是时候。”	It's not the time.
陈歌回头看了一眼影子，413宿舍里的黑影仍在沉睡，不过他的身体已经发生了很大的变化。	Chen looked back at the darkness of the 413 dormitory still sleep, but his body has changed greatly.
如果仔细看就会发现，陈歌的影子和其他人的影子不同，漆黑如墨，仿佛所有光线照到那里便会被吞噬掉一样。	If you look closely, you will find that Chen's shadow is different from that of other people, black as ink, as if all the light that shines there would be swallowed up.
它好像变强了很多。	It looks like it's gotten much stronger.
黑影潜力巨大这对陈歌来说是件好事，等他苏醒，陈歌会带领学生们回东校区再次寻找落单的厉鬼下手。	It's a good thing for Chen, when he wakes up, Chen will lead the students back to the Eastern school district again to look for the bad guys.
这么做一来可以增强自己的实力，二来能够搅浑学校这池死水，掩护学院里的另一个“凶手”。	"Doing so would strengthen one's own strength, and it would be possible to stir up the school's dead water, and to cover up another ""murderer"" in the college."
“现在仍是积蓄力量的阶段，在学校主人发现我这只小虫子之前，我要尽可能多的为自己准备一些底牌。”	"""It's still a time for me to prepare as much as I possibly can for myself before my master finds out about my little bug."
陈歌扭头看向王一城，其他三名社团成员的故事他都有了了解，只剩下这个最先入社的跛脚男孩了：“咱们要去的下一个地点是王一城的宿舍。”	"Chen turned to Wang, the story of the other three members of the society he had all understood, only the first to enter the society lame boy: ""The next place we go is the dormitory Wang."
“去我的宿舍？”	Go to my dorm?
王一城听后反应有些奇怪，他连连摆手：“还是算了吧，我住的那个宿舍没什么好看的。”	"Wang's reaction was a little strange, and he even shook his hands: ""Well, there's nothing good about the dormitory I live in."
“你在说这句话的时候声音比平时高，语速变快，眼神飘忽不定，你这孩子还真是不擅长撒谎。”	When you say this,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
陈歌轻轻搂住王一城的肩膀：“为什么不想让我们过去？”	Chen Song gently embraced Wang's shoulder: Why don't you let us go?
“你担心我们看到什么？”	Are you worried about what we see?
“我……”	"""I..."""
王一城想了半天也不知道该怎么说，最后目光转向了其他方向：“没什么，我们直接过去吧。”	"Wang thought for half an hour about what to say, and finally turned to the other direction: ""No, let's go straight."
“好。”	"""All right."
王一城住在西校区的413寝室，林思思住在东校区的413寝室。	Wang lived in the 413 bedrooms of the West school district, Lins lived in the 413 bedrooms of the East school district.
寝室编号完全相同，但是西校区的413寝室里除了四号床，其他床上都住有学生，东校区则正好相反，只有四号床住有人，其他床都是空的。	Their number was exactly the same, but in the 413 bedrooms in the West, there were students in the other beds, and in the East, there were only people in the fourth bed, and the other beds were empty.
“咱们社团里的秘密不要告诉别人，大家尽量低调一些，这所学校里有像我一样的老师，也有不那么好说话的老师。”	Don't tell anyone about the secrets of our society. Let's be as low as possible. There are teachers like me in this school, and there are teachers who don't speak as well.
陈歌时刻保持着警戒，他们在实验楼闹出的动静太大，校方很可能已经开始调查。	Chen was on guard at the time, and they had too much noise in the laboratory building, and the school had probably begun to investigate.
“留给我的时间不多了，去413寝室看完之后，要先避避风头。”	"""I don't have much time left,"" he said. ""I'll go to the 413 room,"" he said."
西校区的男生宿舍楼一共有四栋，学生数量是东校区的好几倍，现在还没有熄灯，正是男生寝室楼最热闹的时候，洗漱声、塑料盆掉落的声音、交谈声，站在楼下都能听得清清楚楚。	There are four dormitory buildings in the West. The number of students is several times greater than in the East West. It is not yet time to turn off the lights.
“这栋楼跟东校区差不多。”	"""It's about the same as the East. """
陈歌表现得非常自然，跟在四名学生后面一起进入了第一栋楼。	Chen, acting very naturally, followed by four students, entered the first building.
宿管居住的小屋房门紧闭，不过玻璃窗户开着，里面有一个五十多岁的大妈正在哼歌，她看起来心情不错。	The door of the little house of the host was closed, but the window was open, and there was a mother of more than fifty who was humming, and she seemed to be in good mood.
小窗旁边贴着一张公告，上面写着严禁学生在宿舍使用大功率电器，禁止学生在宿舍自己做饭。	A notice was placed next to the small window, which stated that students were forbidden to use electrical power in the dormitory, and that students were forbidden to cook in the dormitory themselves.
“我记得东校区宿舍楼公告上写的好像是——最近有恶性案件发生，禁止学生在熄灯后外出。”	"""I remember a good copy of the announcement in the dormitory building of the Eastern School District -- there was a recent incident where students were forbidden to go outside after the lights went out."
一墙之隔，几乎是两个世界，就像是“门”内和“门”外一样。	A wall, is almost two worlds, like inside and outside.
穿过走廊，陈歌和几名社团成员来到了413宿舍门口。	Passing through the corridor, Chen and several members of the community came to the 413 dormitory door.
“这个宿舍跟其他宿舍没什么区别的。”	"""This dormitory has nothing to do with other dormitories."
王一城将门打开，他进入屋内后，同寝室的其他人都好像当他不存在一样，做着自己的事情，没有一个人跟他说话。	King opened the door, and when he entered the room, all the others in the room seemed to do their own thing, as if he were not there, and no one spoke to him.
等王一城往里走了几步，睡在房门旁边那个床位的男生突然掀开蚊帐瞪了他一眼：“说多少次了？”	"After a few steps into the king's city, the boy who slept next to the door suddenly lifted the mosquito net and stared at him, ""How many times have you said"
“进来随手关门，你腿瘸了，耳朵是不是也不好使？”	"""Come in and close the door. ""You are lame, aren't your ears good?"""
男生说话很难听，他不知道为什么好像很讨厌王一城。	It's hard for a boy to say something. He doesn't know why he seems to hate Wang.
“他不关门是因为后面还有人要进来，如果你需要道歉，我们几个可以替他给你道歉，只是不知道你需要哪种形式的道歉？”	He doesn't close because there's someone else coming in, and if you need an apology, a few of us can make an apology for him, but we don't know what kind of apology you need.
陈歌抓着门把手进入屋内，他扫了一眼寝室的其他人。	Chen grabbed the door hand into the room, he swept the rest of the bedroom.
蚊帐男见到陈歌顿时怂了，没有说话，黑着脸重新将蚊帐拉上。	The Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed Bed
“白老师，这就是四号床，因为没人住，所以我们就用来放行李了。”	"""Mr. White, this is the fourth bed, because there is no one to stay, so we are going to put the luggage."
王一城指着四号床，上面扔着几个行李箱，这个寝室里只有他的行李是放在自己床下面的，其他人都把杂物和行李扔到了四号床上。	Wang pointed to the fourth bed, on which several luggage boxes were thrown, in which only his luggage was placed under his own bed, and all the others threw the garbage and luggage to the fourth bed.
陈歌对四号床很熟悉，他自己就在东校区的四号床上躺过。	Chen is very familiar with the fourth bed, he himself lay on the fourth bed of the East school district.
走到四号床旁边，这张床虽然没有住人，但是却铺有被褥和床单，只不过那些床上用品现在被行李和杂物弄脏了。	On the way to the fourth bed, although there were no people, there were beds and sheets, but the beds were now spoiled by luggage and garbage.
</CHAPTER>	< < <
</BOOK>	</>
"<BOOK id=""834"">"	"<BOOK id=""834"">"
"<CHAPTER id=""834"">"	"<CHAPTER id=""834"">"
第834章 回归圣地（二）	CHAPTER 834 Return
“朱雀。”	"""The Eagle."""
竹屋内，白颜正望着嬉戏打闹的白小晨与小龙儿，蓦然间，她听到外面传来一阵吵闹的声音，柳眉轻蹙：“外面发生什么事了？为何有吵闹的声音？”	Within the bamboo house, she looked at the playful morning and the dragon, and suddenly, she heard a noise outside, and her eyebrows frowned: What is going on outside? Why are there noises?
“你出去看看。”	You go and see.
朱雀拱了拱拳头，领命退下，半响之后，她推开竹屋的门走了进来，迟疑的说道：“王后，外面有两个人，是来找你的……”	After half a sounding, she pushed the door of the bamboo house and came in, saying, Queen, there are two outside, to look for you.
“找我？”	Look for me
白颜扬眉，“那我出去看看，是谁来找我。”	"""I'll go see who's looking for me."""
话落，她从椅子上缓步站起，向着门外而去。	Afterwards, she stepped up from her chair and walked out to the door.
屋外，血色天空之下，两人颤颤巍巍的从前方爬来，或许是爬的路太多，导致他们的身下淌过一条血痕，落入白颜的眼中，分外的刺目。	Outside, beneath the bloody sky, the two trembled from the front, perhaps too many climbs, resulting in a blood trail beneath their bodies, falling into the eyes of the white face, outward bruises.
“你们这是在干什么？”	What are you doing?
白颜眉头轻皱，冷声问道。	He asked with a cold.
二长老脸色苍白，颤抖的身子匍匐在地，哆嗦着道：“王后，我是来向你负荆请罪的，当日，是我轻信了那个冒牌货，才让王后误会了王，一切都是我的错，我愿意任打任骂，请王后降罪。”	Their faces were pale, their bodies trembled, and they said, Queen, I am here to beg forgiveness of your sins, and on that day it was I who believed in the deceit that made the Queen misunderstand the King, and it was all my fault, and I am willing to make excuses, and to ask forgiveness of her sins.
“不，王后，是我的错，是我没有将王的命令带给你，事实上，当日王为解除妖界封印而离开了王宫，他让我回来通知王后，我并没有能够做到，这才给了奸人有机可乘。”	"""No, Princess, it is my fault that I did not give you the order of the king, in fact, the day the king left the royal palace to remove the seal of the evil world, he asked me to come back and inform the Princess that I could not do it, and this gave the traitor an opportunity."
火羽跪在地上，满脸是泪：“千错万错都是我的错，王后想打想骂，我绝无二话。”他将身后的竹条拿到手中，两掌相托，递到白颜面前，深深的低下了脑袋，一脸的视死如归。	"On his knees, his face was filled with tears: ""All my faults are my faults,"" said the queen, ""I have nothing to say."" He took the bamboo rod behind him, put his hands together, and handed it to the white face."
白颜的手，缓缓的握住了火羽拖到面前的竹条，她的神色淡然，目光中透着让人无法看懂的光芒。	The white hand, slowly grasped the feather dragged to the bamboo line before her, her color light, in the eyes of the invisible light.
似是察觉到竹条离手，火羽的身子僵住了，他紧紧的咬着牙关，等着那势如破竹般的一击。	It was as if he had noticed the sticking away from his hand, and the feather's body was stiff, and he clutched tightly to his jaw, waiting for the bamboo-like blow.
可是……	But...
久久的，都没有传来疼痛。	For a long time there was no pain.
火羽愕然的仰头，却见白颜手中的竹条冒出了一阵火焰，瞬间就燃烧为了灰烬。	He looked up, and saw a flame of bamboo in White's hand, burning instantly for ashes.
“你们这一路爬来，受了不少罪？”	"""You have climbed this way and suffered many sins?"""
“王……王后？”	The Queen
火羽不明所以的看着白颜，许是不明白她这话什么意思。	Thernnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
“既如此，那你们的罪已经偿还完了，起来吧。”	If so, then your sins have been repaid.
白颜从来都是公司分明的人。她所针对的，只有那些妄想害她的人。	She's always a company. She's targeted only by those who pretend to harm her.
当日，她都能被蒙骗，又何况是大长老与火羽？是以，她从来都没有怨过他们……	On that day, she could be deceived, and what about the elders and firefly? Yes, she never complained about them...
火羽的身体僵硬如铁，不敢相信白颜如此轻易就放过了他们？	Their bodies were as stiff as iron, and they could not believe that White had passed them so easily?
在来之前，他们已经做好了遍体鳞伤的准备！	Before they come, they are ready for the scalp!
现如今，她连抽都没抽他们一下，就消除了他们的罪。	Now she doesn't even smoke them, she eliminates their sins.
见这两人呆呆的跪在地上并不动弹，白颜的脸色微微沉下：“怎么？”	When the two men were kneeling on the ground, they did not move, and the white face fell slightly.
“你们还等着我扶你们起来？”	Are you still waiting for me to help you?
女子这凌厉的声音落入了火羽的耳中，惊得火羽立刻从地上爬了起来，他的裤腿上都是鲜血，站都无法站稳。	The woman's voice fell into the feather's ears, and the feather immediately climbed from the ground, and his trousers were bloody, and he could not stand.
便是如此，他依然站在地上，哪怕腿脚一直打着哆嗦，也没有再继续跪下来。	So he was still on the ground, even though his legs and feet were still shaking, and did not continue to kneel.
白颜看了眼这两人都难以支撑，指了指地上的石座：“坐吧，休息一会儿你们就可以下山了。”	White looked into their eyes and pointed to the stone seat on the ground.
</CHAPTER>	< < <
</BOOK>	</>
